We are here in the middle hour of our grief. So many have suffered so great a loss, and today we express our nation's sorrow. We come before God to pray for the missing and the dead, and for those who loved them. On Tuesday, our country was attacked with deliberate and massive cruelty. We have seen the images of fire and ashes and bent steel.
Now come the names, the list of casualties we are only beginning to read:
They are the names of men and women who began their day at a desk or in an airport, busy with life.
They are the names of people who faced death and in their last moments called home to say, be brave and I love you.
They are the names of passengers who defied their murderers and prevented the murder of others on the ground.
They are the names of men and women who wore the uniform of the United States and died at their posts.
They are the names of rescuers -- the ones whom death found running up the stairs and into the fires to help others.
We will read all these names. We will linger over them and learn their stories, and many Americans will weep.
To the children and parents and spouses and families and friends of the lost, we offer the deepest sympathy of the nation. And I assure you, you are not alone. Just three days removed from these events, Americans do not yet have the distance of history, but our responsibility to history is already clear: to answer these attacks and rid the world of evil.
War has been waged against us by stealth and deceit and murder. This nation is peaceful, but fierce when stirred to anger. This conflict was begun on the timing and terms of others; it will end in a way and at an hour of our choosing. Our purpose as a nation is firm, yet our wounds as a people are recent and unhealed and lead us to pray. In many of our prayers this week, there's a searching and an honesty. At St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York, on Tuesday, a woman said, "I pray to God to give us a sign that He's still here."
Others have prayed for the same, searching hospital to hospital, carrying pictures of those still missing. God's signs are not always the ones we look for. We learn in tragedy that His purposes are not always our own, yet the prayers of private suffering, whether in our homes or in this great cathedral are known and heard and understood. There are prayers that help us last through the day or endure the night. There are prayers of friends and strangers that give us strength for the journey, and there are prayers that yield our will to a Will greater than our own.
This world He created is of moral design. Grief and tragedy and hatred are only for a time. Goodness, remembrance and love have no end, and the Lord of life holds all who die and all who mourn.
It is said that adversity introduces us to ourselves. This is true of a nation as well. In this trial, we have been reminded and the world has seen that our fellow Americans are generous and kind, resourceful and brave.
We see our national character in rescuers working past exhaustion, in long lines of blood donors, in thousands of citizens who have asked to work and serve in any way possible.
And we have seen our national character in eloquent acts of sacrifice:
Inside the World Trade Center, one man who could have saved himself stayed until the end and at the side of his quadriplegic friend.
A beloved priest died giving the last rites to a firefighter.
Two office workers, finding a disabled stranger, carried her down 68 floors to safety.
A group of men drove through the night from Dallas to Washington to bring skin grafts for burned victims.
In these acts and many others, Americans showed a deep commitment to one another and an abiding love for our country.
Today, we feel what Franklin Roosevelt called, "the warm courage of national unity." This is a unity of every faith and every background. It has joined together political parties and both houses of Congress. It is evident in services of prayer and candlelight vigils and American flags, which are displayed in pride and waved in defiance. Our unity is a kinship of grief and a steadfast resolve to prevail against our enemies. And this unity against terror is now extending across the world.
America is a nation full of good fortune, with so much to be grateful for, but we are not spared from suffering. In every generation, the world has produced enemies of human freedom. They have attacked America because we are freedom's home and defender, and the commitment of our Fathers is now the calling of our time.
On this national day of prayer and remembrance, we ask Almighty God to watch over our nation and grant us patience and resolve in all that is to come. We pray that He will comfort and console those who now walk in sorrow. We thank Him for each life we now must mourn, and the promise of a life to come.
As we've been assured, neither death nor life nor angels nor principalities, nor powers nor things present nor things to come nor height nor depth can separate us from God's love.1 May He bless the souls of the departed. May He comfort our own. And may He always guide our country.
God bless America.Good morning. This weekend I am engaged in extensive sessions with members of my National Security Council, as we plan a comprehensive assault on terrorism. This will be a different kind of conflict against a different kind of enemy.
This is a conflict without battlefields or beachheads, a conflict with opponents who believe they are invisible. Yet, they are mistaken. They will be exposed, and they will discover what others in the past have learned: Those who make war against the United States have chosen their own destruction. Victory against terrorism will not take place in a single battle, but in a series of decisive actions against terrorist organizations and those who harbor and support them.
We are planning a broad and sustained campaign to secure our country and eradicate the evil of terrorism. And we are determined to see this conflict through. Americans of every faith and background are committed to this goal.
Yesterday I visited the site of the destruction in New York City and saw an amazing spirit of sacrifice and patriotism and defiance. I met with rescuers who have worked past exhaustion, who cheered for our country and the great cause we have entered.
In Washington, D.C., the political parties and both Houses of Congress have shown a remarkable unity, and I'm deeply grateful. A terrorist attack designed to tear us apart has instead bound us together as a nation. Over the past few days, we have learned much about American courage -- the courage of firefighters and police officers who suffered so great a loss, the courage of passengers aboard United 93 who may well have fought with the hijackers and saved many lives on the ground.
Now we honor those who died, and prepare to respond to these attacks on our nation. I will not settle for a token act. Our response must be sweeping, sustained, and effective. We have much do to, and much to ask of the American people.
You will be asked for your patience -- for the conflict will not be short. You will be asked for resolve -- for the conflict will not be easy. You will be asked for your strength, because the course to victory may be long.
In the past week, we have seen the American people at their very best everywhere in America. Citizens have come together to pray, to give blood, to fly our country's flag. Americans are coming together to share their grief and gain strength from one another.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others: because this is America. This is who we are. This is what our enemies hate and have attacked. And this is why we will prevail.
Thank you for listening.Thank you all very much for your hospitality. We've just had a -- wide-ranging discussions on -- on the matter at hand. Like the good folks standing with me, the American people were appalled and outraged at last Tuesday's attacks. And so were Muslims all across the world. Both Americans and Muslim friends and citizens, tax-paying citizens, and Muslims in nations were just appalled and could not believe what -- what we saw on our TV screens.
These acts of violence against innocents violate the fundamental tenets of the Islamic faith. And it's important for my fellow Americans to understand that. The English translation is not as eloquent as the original Arabic, but let me quote from the Koran, itself: In the long run, evil in the extreme will be the end of those who do evil. For that they rejected the signs of Allah and held them up to ridicule.1
The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. That's not what Islam is all about. Islam is peace. These terrorists don't represent peace. They represent evil and war. When we think of Islam we think of a faith that brings comfort to a billion people around the world. Billions of people find comfort and solace and peace. And that's made brothers and sisters out of every race -- out of every race. America counts millions of Muslims amongst our citizens, and Muslims make an incredibly valuable contribution to our country. Muslims are doctors, lawyers, law professors, members of the military, entrepreneurs, shopkeepers, moms and dads. And they need to be treated with respect. In our anger and emotion, our fellow Americans must treat each other with respect.
Women who cover their heads in this country must feel comfortable going outside their homes. Moms who wear cover must be not intimidated in America. That's not the America I know. That's not the America I value. I've been told that some fear to leave; some don't want to go shopping for their families; some don't want to go about their ordinary daily routines because, by wearing cover, they're afraid they'll be intimidated. That should not and that will not stand in America. Those who feel like they can intimidate our fellow citizens to take out their anger don't represent the best of America, they represent the worst of humankind, and they should be ashamed of that kind of behavior.
Now this is a great country. It's a great country because we share the same values of respect and dignity and human worth. And it is my honor to be meeting with leaders who feel just the same way I do. They're outraged. They're sad. They love America just as much as I do.

And I want to thank you all for giving me a chance to come by.

And may God bless us all.

Thank you.Mr. Speaker, Mr. President Pro Tempore, members of Congress, and fellow Americans:
In the normal course of events, Presidents come to this chamber to report on the state of the Union. Tonight, no such report is needed. It has already been delivered by the American people.
We have seen it in the courage of passengers, who rushed terrorists to save others on the ground -- passengers like an exceptional man named Todd Beamer. And would you please help me to welcome his wife, Lisa Beamer, here tonight. We have seen the state of our Union in the endurance of rescuers, working past exhaustion. We've seen the unfurling of flags, the lighting of candles, the giving of blood, the saying of prayers -- in English, Hebrew, and Arabic. We have seen the decency of a loving and giving people who have made the grief of strangers their own. My fellow citizens, for the last nine days, the entire world has seen for itself the state of our Union -- and it is strong.
Tonight we are a country awakened to danger and called to defend freedom. Our grief has turned to anger, and anger to resolution. Whether we bring our enemies to justice, or bring justice to our enemies, justice will be done. I thank the Congress for its leadership at such an important time. All of America was touched on the evening of the tragedy to see Republicans and Democrats joined together on the steps of this Capitol, singing "God Bless America." And you did more than sing; you acted, by delivering 40 billion dollars to rebuild our communities and meet the needs of our military. Speaker Hastert, Minority Leader Gephardt, Majority Leader Daschle, and Senator Lott, I thank you for your friendship, for your leadership, and for your service to our country. And on behalf of the American people, I thank the world for its outpouring of support. America will never forget the sounds of our National Anthem playing at Buckingham Palace, on the streets of Paris, and at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate.
We will not forget South Korean children gathering to pray outside our embassy in Seoul, or the prayers of sympathy offered at a mosque in Cairo. We will not forget moments of silence and days of mourning in Australia and Africa and Latin America. Nor will we forget the citizens of 80 other nations who died with our own: dozens of Pakistanis; more than 130 Israelis; more than 250 citizens of India; men and women from El Salvador, Iran, Mexico, and Japan; and hundreds of British citizens. America has no truer friend than Great Britain. Once again, we are joined together in a great cause -- so honored the British Prime Minister has crossed an ocean to show his unity with America. Thank you for coming, friend.
On September the 11th, enemies of freedom committed an act of war against our country. Americans have known wars -- but for the past 136 years, they have been wars on foreign soil, except for one Sunday in 1941. Americans have known the casualties of war -- but not at the center of a great city on a peaceful morning. Americans have known surprise attacks -- but never before on thousands of civilians. All of this was brought upon us in a single day -- and night fell on a different world, a world where freedom itself is under attack. Americans have many questions tonight. Americans are asking: Who attacked our country? The evidence we have gathered all points to a collection of loosely affiliated terrorist organizations known as al Qaeda. They are some of the murderers indicted for bombing American embassies in Tanzania and Kenya, and responsible for bombing the USS Cole. Al Qaeda is to terror what the mafia is to crime. But its goal is not making money; its goal is remaking the world -- and imposing its radical beliefs on people everywhere.
The terrorists practice a fringe form of Islamic extremism that has been rejected by Muslim scholars and the vast majority of Muslim clerics, a fringe movement that perverts the peaceful teachings of Islam. The terrorists' directive commands them to kill Christians and Jews, to kill all Americans, and make no distinctions among military and civilians, including women and children. This group and its leader -- a person named Usama bin Laden -- are linked to many other organizations in different countries, including the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan. There are thousands of these terrorists in more than 60 countries. They are recruited from their own nations and neighborhoods and brought to camps in places like Afghanistan, where they are trained in the tactics of terror. They are sent back to their homes or sent to hide in countries around the world to plot evil and destruction.
The leadership of al Qaeda has great influence in Afghanistan and supports the Taliban regime in controlling most of that country. In Afghanistan, we see al Qaeda's vision for the world. Afghanistan's people have been brutalized; many are starving and many have fled. Women are not allowed to attend school. You can be jailed for owning a television. Religion can be practiced only as their leaders dictate. A man can be jailed in Afghanistan if his beard is not long enough. 
The United States respects the people of Afghanistan. After all, we are currently its largest source of humanitarian aid; but we condemn the Taliban regime. It is not only repressing its own people, it is threatening people everywhere by sponsoring and sheltering and supplying terrorists. By aiding and abetting murder, the Taliban regime is committing murder.
And tonight, the United States of America makes the following demands on the Taliban: Deliver to United States authorities all the leaders of al Qaeda who hide in your land. Release all foreign nationals, including American citizens, you have unjustly imprisoned. Protect foreign journalists, diplomats, and aid workers in your country. Close immediately and permanently every terrorist training camp in Afghanistan, and hand over every terrorist, and every person in their support structure, to appropriate authorities. Give the United States full access to terrorist training camps, so we can make sure they are no longer operating. These demands are not open to negotiation or discussion. The Taliban must act, and act immediately. They will hand over the terrorists, or they will share in their fate.
I also want to speak tonight directly to Muslims throughout the world. We respect your faith. It's practiced freely by many millions of Americans, and by millions more in countries that America counts as friends. Its teachings are good and peaceful, and those who commit evil in the name of Allah blaspheme the name of Allah. The terrorists are traitors to their own faith, trying, in effect, to hijack Islam itself. The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends; it is not our many Arab friends. Our enemy is a radical network of terrorists, and every government that supports them. Our war on terror begins with al Qaeda, but it does not end there. It will not end until every terrorist group of global reach has been found, stopped, and defeated.
Americans are asking, why do they hate us? They hate what they see right here in this chamber -- a democratically elected government. Their leaders are self-appointed. They hate our freedoms -- our freedom of religion, our freedom of speech, our freedom to vote and assemble and disagree with each other. They want to overthrow existing governments in many Muslim countries, such as Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and Jordan. They want to drive Israel out of the Middle East. They want to drive Christians and Jews out of vast regions of Asia and Africa. These terrorists kill not merely to end lives, but to disrupt and end a way of life. With every atrocity, they hope that America grows fearful, retreating from the world and forsaking our friends. They stand against us, because we stand in their way.
We are not deceived by their pretenses to piety. We have seen their kind before. They are the heirs of all the murderous ideologies of the 20th century. By sacrificing human life to serve their radical visions -- by abandoning every value except the will to power -- they follow in the path of fascism, Nazism, and totalitarianism. And they will follow that path all the way, to where it ends: in history's unmarked grave of discarded lies. Americans are asking: How will we fight and win this war? We will direct every resource at our command -- every means of diplomacy, every tool of intelligence, every instrument of law enforcement, every financial influence, and every necessary weapon of war -- to the disruption and to the defeat of the global terror network.
Now this war will not be like the war against Iraq a decade ago, with a decisive liberation of territory and a swift conclusion. It will not look like the air war above Kosovo two years ago, where no ground troops were used and not a single American was lost in combat. Our response involves far more than instant retaliation and isolated strikes. Americans should not expect one battle, but a lengthy campaign, unlike any other we have ever seen. It may include dramatic strikes, visible on TV, and covert operations, secret even in success. We will starve terrorists of funding, turn them one against another, drive them from place to place, until there is no refuge or no rest. And we will pursue nations that provide aid or safe haven to terrorism. Every nation, in every region, now has a decision to make. Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists. From this day forward, any nation that continues to harbor or support terrorism will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime.
Our nation has been put on notice: We're not immune from attack. We will take defensive measures against terrorism to protect Americans. Today, dozens of federal departments and agencies, as well as state and local governments, have responsibilities affecting homeland security. These efforts must be coordinated at the highest level. So tonight, I announce the creation of a Cabinet-level position reporting directly to me -- the Office of Homeland Security. And tonight I also announce a distinguished American to lead this effort, to strengthen American security: a military veteran, an effective governor, a true patriot, a trusted friend -- Pennsylvania's Tom Ridge. He will lead, oversee, and coordinate a comprehensive national strategy to safeguard our country against terrorism, and respond to any attacks that may come.
These measures are essential. But the only way to defeat terrorism as a threat to our way of life is to stop it, eliminate it, and destroy it where it grows. Many will be involved in this effort, from FBI agents to intelligence operatives to the reservists we have called to active duty. All deserve our thanks, and all have our prayers. And tonight, a few miles from the damaged Pentagon, I have a message for our military: Be ready. I've called the Armed Forces to alert, and there is a reason. The hour is coming when America will act, and you will make us proud. This is not, however, just America's fight. And what is at stake is not just America's freedom. This is the world's fight. This is civilization's fight. This is the fight of all who believe in progress and pluralism, tolerance and freedom.
We ask every nation to join us. We will ask, and we will need, the help of police forces, intelligence services, and banking systems around the world. The United States is grateful that many nations and many international organizations have already responded -- with sympathy and with support. Nations from Latin America, to Asia, to Africa, to Europe, to the Islamic world. Perhaps the NATO Charter reflects best the attitude of the world: An attack on one is an attack on all. The civilized world is rallying to America's side. They understand that if this terror goes unpunished, their own cities, their own citizens may be next. Terror, unanswered, can not only bring down buildings, it can threaten the stability of legitimate governments. And you know what? We're not going to allow it.
Americans are asking: What is expected of us? I ask you to live your lives, and hug your children. I know many citizens have fears tonight, and I ask you to be calm and resolute, even in the face of a continuing threat. I ask you to uphold the values of America, and remember why so many have come here. We are in a fight for our principles, and our first responsibility is to live by them. No one should be singled out for unfair treatment or unkind words because of their ethnic background or religious faith. I ask you to continue to support the victims of this tragedy with your contributions. Those who want to give can go to a central source of information, libertyunites.org, to find the names of groups providing direct help in New York, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.
The thousands of FBI agents who are now at work in this investigation may need your cooperation, and I ask you to give it. I ask for your patience, with the delays and inconveniences that may accompany tighter security; and for your patience in what will be a long struggle. I ask your continued participation and confidence in the American economy. Terrorists attacked a symbol of American prosperity. They did not touch its source. America is successful because of the hard work, and creativity, and enterprise of our people. These were the true strengths of our economy before September 11th, and they are our strengths today. And, finally, please continue praying for the victims of terror and their families, for those in uniform, and for our great country. Prayer has comforted us in sorrow, and will help strengthen us for the journey ahead.
Tonight I thank my fellow Americans for what you have already done and for what you will do. And ladies and gentlemen of the Congress, I thank you, their representatives, for what you have already done and for what we will do together. Tonight, we face new and sudden national challenges. We will come together to improve air safety, to dramatically expand the number of air marshals on domestic flights, and take new measures to prevent hijacking. We will come together to promote stability and keep our airlines flying, with direct assistance during this emergency. We will come together to give law enforcement the additional tools it needs to track down terror here at home. We will come together to strengthen our intelligence capabilities to know the plans of terrorists before they act, and to find them before they strike.
We will come together to take active steps that strengthen America's economy, and put our people back to work. Tonight we welcome two leaders who embody the extraordinary spirit of all New Yorkers: Governor George Pataki, and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani. As a symbol of America's resolve, my administration will work with Congress, and these two leaders, to show the world that we will rebuild New York City.
After all that has just passed -- all the lives taken, and all the possibilities and hopes that died with them -- it is natural to wonder if America's future is one of fear.  Some speak of an age of terror. I know there are struggles ahead, and dangers to face. But this country will define our times, not be defined by them. As long as the United States of America is determined and strong, this will not be an age of terror; this will be an age of liberty, here and across the world.
Great harm has been done to us. We have suffered great loss. And in our grief and anger we have found our mission and our moment. Freedom and fear are at war.  The advance of human freedom -- the great achievement of our time, and the great hope of every time -- now depends on us. Our nation, this generation will lift a dark threat of violence from our people and our future. We will rally the world to this cause by our efforts, by our courage. We will not tire, we will not falter, and we will not fail.
It is my hope that in the months and years ahead, life will return almost to normal.  We'll go back to our lives and routines, and that is good.  Even grief recedes with time and grace. But our resolve must not pass. Each of us will remember what happened that day, and to whom it happened. We'll remember the moment the news came -- where we were and what we were doing. Some will remember an image of a fire, or a story of rescue. Some will carry memories of a face and a voice gone forever.
And I will carry this: It is the police shield of a man named George Howard, who died at the World Trade Center trying to save others. It was given to me by his mom, Arlene, as a proud memorial to her son. It is my reminder of lives that ended, and a task that does not end. I will not forget this wound to our country or those who inflicted it. I will not yield; I will not rest; I will not relent in waging this struggle for freedom and security for the American people. The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
Fellow citizens, we'll meet violence with patient justice -- assured of the rightness of our cause, and confident of the victories to come. In all that lies before us, may God grant us wisdom, and may He watch over the United States of America.
Thank you.Good evening. 
Today, our fellow citizens, our way of life, our very freedom came under attack in a series of deliberate and deadly terrorist acts. The victims were in airplanes or in their offices: secretaries, business men and women, military and federal workers, moms and dads, friends and neighbors. Thousands of lives were suddenly ended by evil, despicable acts of terror. The pictures of airplanes flying into buildings, fires burning, huge -- huge structures collapsing have filled us with disbelief, terrible sadness, and a quiet, unyielding anger. These acts of mass murder were intended to frighten our nation into chaos and retreat. But they have failed. Our country is strong.
A great people has been moved to defend a great nation. Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of American resolve. America was targeted for attack because we're the brightest beacon for freedom and opportunity in the world. And no one will keep that light from shining. Today, our nation saw evil -- the very worst of human nature -- and we responded with the best of America. With the daring of our rescue workers, with the caring for strangers and neighbors who came to give blood and help in any way they could.
Immediately following the first attack, I implemented our government's emergency response plans. Our military is powerful, and it's prepared. Our emergency teams are working in New York City and Washington D.C. to help with local rescue efforts. Our first priority is to get help to those who have been injured, and to take every precaution to protect our citizens at home and around the world from further attacks. The functions of our government continue without interruption. Federal agencies in Washington which had to be evacuated today are reopening for essential personnel tonight and will be open for business tomorrow. Our financial institutions remain strong, and the American economy will be open for business as well.
The search is underway for those who were behind these evil acts. I have directed the full resources of our intelligence and law enforcement communities to find those responsible and to bring them to justice. We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them.
I appreciate so very much the members of Congress who have joined me in strongly condemning these attacks. And on behalf of the American people, I thank the many world leaders who have called to offer their condolences and assistance. America and our friends and allies join with all those who want peace and security in the world, and we stand together to win the war against terrorism.
Tonight, I ask for your prayers for all those who grieve, for the children whose worlds have been shattered, for all whose sense of safety and security has been threatened. And I pray they will be comforted by a Power greater than any of us, spoken through the ages in Psalm 23:
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil for you are with me.
This is a day when all Americans from every walk of life unite in our resolve for justice and peace. America has stood down enemies before, and we will do so this time. None of us will ever forget this day, yet we go forward to defend freedom and all that is good and just in our world.
Thank you. Good night. And God bless America.Good afternoon. On my orders, the United States military has begun strikes against Al Qaeda terrorist training camps and military installations of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan. These carefully targeted actions are designed to disrupt the use of Afghanistan as a terrorist base of operations and to attack the military capability of the Taliban regime.
We are joined in this operation by our staunch friend, Great Britain. Other close friends, including Canada, Australia, Germany and France, have pledged forces as the operation unfolds. More than 40 countries in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, and across Asia have granted air transit or landing rights. Many more have shared intelligence. We are supported by the collective will of the world.
More than two weeks ago, I gave Taliban leaders a series of clear and specific demands: Close terrorist training camps; hand over leaders of the Al Qaeda network; and return all foreign nationals, including American citizens, unjustly detained in your country. None of these demands was met. And now, the Taliban will pay a price.
By destroying camps and disrupting communications, we will make it more difficult for the terror network to train new recruits and coordinate their evil plans. Initially the terrorists may burrow deeper into caves and other entrenched hiding places. Our military action is also designed to clear the way for sustained, comprehensive, and relentless operations to drive them out and bring them to justice.
At the same time, the oppressed people of Afghanistan will know the generosity of America and our allies. As we strike military targets, we will also drop food, medicine, and supplies to the starving and suffering men and women and children of Afghanistan. The United States of America is a friend to the Afghan people, and we are the friends of almost a billion worldwide who practice the Islamic faith. The United States of America is an enemy of those who aid terrorists and of the barbaric criminals who profane a great religion by committing murder in its name. This military action is a part of our campaign against terrorism, another front in a war that has already been joined through diplomacy, intelligence, the freezing of financial assets, and the arrests of known terrorists by law-enforcement agents in 38 countries.
Given the nature and reach of our enemies, we will win this conflict by the patient accumulation of successes, by meeting a series of challenges with determination, and will, and purpose. Today we focus on Afghanistan, but the battle is broader. Every nation has a choice to make. In this conflict, there is no neutral ground. If any government sponsors the outlaws and killers of innocence, they have become outlaws and murderers themselves. And they will take that lonely path at their own peril.
I'm speaking to you today from the Treaty Room of the White House, a place where American presidents have worked for peace. We're a peaceful nation. Yet, as we have learned, so suddenly and so tragically, there can be no peace in a world of sudden terror. In the face of today's new threat, the only way to pursue peace is to pursue those who threaten it. We did not ask for this mission, but we will fulfill it.
The name of today's military operation is Enduring Freedom. We defend not only our precious freedoms, but also the freedom of people everywhere to live and raise their children free from fear.
I know many Americans feel fear today. And our government is taking strong precautions. All law enforcement and intelligence agencies are working aggressively around America, around the world -- and around the clock. At my request, many governors have activated the National Guard to strengthen airport security. We have called up reserves to reinforce our military capability and strengthen the protection of our homeland.
In the months ahead, our patience will be one of our strengths -- patience with the long waits that will result from tighter security, patience and understanding that it will take time to achieve our goals, patience in all the sacrifices that may come. Today, those sacrifices are being made by members of our armed forces who now defend us so far from home, and by their proud and worried families.
A Commander-in-Chief sends America's sons and daughters into battle in a foreign land only after the greatest care and a lot of prayer. We ask a lot of those who wear our uniform. We ask them to leave their loved ones, to travel great distances, to risk injury, even to be prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice of their lives. They are dedicated. They are honorable. They represent the best of our country, and we are grateful. To all the men and women in our military -- every sailor, every soldier, every airman, every Coast Guardsman, every Marine -- I say this: Your mission is defined; your objectives are clear; your goal is just. You have my full confidence, and you will have every tool you need to carry out your duty.
I recently received a touching letter that says a lot about the state of America in these difficult times, a letter from a fourth-grade girl with a father in the military: "As much as I don't want my dad to fight," she wrote, "I'm willing to give him to you." This is a precious gift. The greatest she could give. This young girl knows what America is all about. Since September 11, an entire generation of young Americans has gained new understanding of the value of freedom and its cost and duty and its sacrifice.
The battle is now joined on many fronts. We will not waiver, we will not tire, we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and freedom will prevail.
Thank you. May God continue to bless America.Please be seated.  President and Senator Clinton, thank you all for being here.  We have come here to pay our respects to 125 men and women who died in the service of America.  We also remember 64 passengers on a hijacked plane; those men and women, boys and girls who fell into the hands of evildoers, and also died here exactly one month ago.
On September 11th, great sorrow came to our country.  And from that sorrow has come great resolve.  Today, we are a nation awakened to the evil of terrorism, and determined to destroy it.  That work began the moment we were attacked; and it will continue until justice is delivered.
Americans are returning, as we must, to the normal pursuits of life.  Americans are returning, as we must, to the normal pursuits of life.  But we know that if you lost a son or daughter here, or a husband, or a wife, or a mom or dad, life will never again be as it was.  The loss was sudden, and hard, and permanent.  So difficult to explain.  So difficult to accept.
Three schoolchildren traveling with their teacher.  An Army general. A budget analyst who reported to work here for 30 years.  A lieutenant commander in the Naval Reserve who left behind a wife, a four-year-old son, and another child on the way.
One life touches so many others.  One death can leave sorrow that seems almost unbearable.  But to all of you who lost someone here, I want to say:  You are not alone.  The American people will never forget the cruelty that was done here and in New York, and in the sky over Pennsylvania.
We will never forget all the innocent people killed by the hatred of a few.  We know the loneliness you feel in your loss.  The entire nation, the entire nation shares in your sadness.  And we pray for you and your loved ones.  And we will always honor their memory.
The hijackers were instruments of evil who died in vain.  Behind them is a cult of evil which seeks to harm the innocent and thrives on human suffering.  Theirs is the worst kind of cruelty, the cruelty that is fed, not weakened, by tears.  Theirs is the worst kind of violence, pure malice, while daring to claim the authority of God.  We cannot fully understand the designs and power of evil.  It is enough to know that evil, like goodness, exists.  And in the terrorists, evil has found a willing servant.
In New York, the terrorists chose as their target a symbol of America's freedom and confidence.  Here, they struck a symbol of our strength in the world.  And the attack on the Pentagon, on that day, was more symbolic than they knew.  It was on another September 11th -- September 11th, 1941 -- that construction on this building first began. America was just then awakening to another menace:  The Nazi terror in Europe.
And on that very night, President Franklin Roosevelt spoke to the nation.  "The danger," he warned, "has long ceased to be a mere possibility. The danger is here now -- not only from a military enemy, but from an enemy of all law, all liberty, all morality, all religion."1
For us too, in the year 2001, an enemy has emerged that rejects every limit of law, morality, and religion.  The terrorists have no true home in any country, or culture, or faith.  They dwell in dark corners of earth. And there, we will find them.
This week, I have called -- This week, I have called the Armed Forces into action.  One by one, we are eliminating power centers of a regime that harbors al Qaeda terrorists.  We gave that regime a choice: Turn over the terrorists, or face your ruin.  They chose unwisely.
The Taliban regime has brought nothing but fear and misery to the people of Afghanistan.  These rulers call themselves holy men, even with their record of drawing money from heroin trafficking.  They consider themselves pious and devout, while subjecting women to fierce brutality.
The Taliban has allied itself with murderers and gave them shelter. But today, for al Qaeda and the Taliban, there is no shelter.  As Americans did 60 years ago, we have entered a struggle of uncertain duration.  But now, as then, we can be certain of the outcome, because we have a number of decisive assets.
We have a unified country.  We have the patience to fight and win on many fronts:  Blocking terrorist plans, seizing their funds, arresting their networks, disrupting their communications, opposing their sponsors. And we have one more great asset in this cause:  The brave men and women of the United States military.
From my first days in this office, I have felt and seen the strong spirit of the Armed Forces.
I saw it at Fort Stewart, Georgia, when I first reviewed our troops as Commander-in-Chief, and looked into the faces of proud and determined soldiers.
I saw it in Annapolis on a graduation day; at Camp Pendleton in California; Camp Bondsteel in Kosovo.
And I have seen this spirit at the Pentagon, before and after the attack on this building.
You've responded to a great emergency with calm and courage.  And for that, your country honors you.  A Commander-in-Chief must know -- must know -- that he can count on the skill and readiness of servicemen and women at every point in the chain of command.  You have given me that confidence.
And I give you these commitments.  The wound to this building will not be forgotten, but it will be repaired.  Brick by brick, we will quickly rebuild the Pentagon.  In the missions ahead for the military, you will have everything you need, every resource, every weapon, every means to assure full victory for the United States and the cause of freedom.
And I pledge to you that America will never relent on this war against terror.  There will be times of swift, dramatic action.  There will be times of steady, quiet progress.  Over time, with patience, and precision, the terrorists will be pursued.  They will be isolated, surrounded, cornered, until there is no place to run, or hide, or rest.
As military and civilian personnel in the Pentagon, you are an important part of the struggle we have entered.  You know the risks of your calling, and you have willingly accepted them.  You believe in our country, and our country believes in you.
Within sight of this building is Arlington [National] Cemetery, the final resting place of many thousands who died for our country over the generations. Enemies of America have now added to these graves, and they wish to add more.  Unlike our enemies, we value every life, and we mourn every loss.
Yet we're not afraid.  Our cause is just, and worthy of sacrifice. Our nation is strong of heart, firm of purpose.  Inspired by all the courage that has come before, we will meet our moment and we will prevail.
May God bless you all, and may God bless America.Good evening.  I would like to report to the American people on the state of our war against terror, and then I'll be happy to take questions from the White House press corps.
One month ago today, innocent citizens from more than 80 nations were attacked and killed, without warning or provocation, in an act that horrified not only every American, but every person of every faith, and every nation that values human life.
The attack took place on American soil, but it was an attack on the heart and soul of the civilized world.  And the world has come together to fight a new and different war, the first, and we hope the only one, of the 21st century.  A war against all those who seek to export terror, and a war against those governments that support or shelter them.
We've accomplished a great deal in one month.  Our staunch friends, Great Britain, our neighbors Canada and Mexico, our NATO allies, our allies in Asia, Russia and nations from every continent on the Earth have offered help of one kind or another -- from military assistance to intelligence information, to crack down on terrorists' financial networks.  This week, 56 Islamic nations issued a statement strongly condemning the savage acts of terror, and emphasizing that those acts contradict the peaceful teachings of Islam.
All is strong and united on the diplomatic front.  The men and women of the United States military are doing their duty with skill and success. We have ruined terrorist training camps, disrupted their communications, weakened the Taliban military, and destroyed most of their air defenses.
We're mounting a sustained campaign to drive the terrorists out of their hidden caves and to bring them to justice.  All missions are being executed according to plan on the military front.  At the same time, we are showing the compassion of America by delivering food and medicine to the Afghan people who are, themselves, the victims of a repressive regime.
On the law enforcement front, terrorists are being swept up in an international dragnet.  Several hundred have been arrested.  Thousands of FBI agents are on the trail of other suspects here and abroad.  Working with countries around the world, we have frozen more than $24 million in al Qaeda or Taliban assets.
We are aggressively pursuing the agents of terror around the world, and we are aggressively strengthening our protections here at home.  This week we established America's new Office of Homeland Security, directed by former Governor Tom Ridge.  Americans tonight can know that while the threat is ongoing, we are taking every possible step to protect our country from danger.
Your government is doing everything we can to recover from these attacks, and to try to prevent others.  We're acting to make planes and airports safer, rebuild New York and the Pentagon.  We must act to stimulate a slow economy, to help laid-off workers.  And we must fund our military.
This is a time of testing -- this time of testing has revealed the true character of the American people.  We're angry at the evil that was done to us, yet patient and just in our response.
Before September 11th, my Administration was planning an initiative called Communities of Character.  It was designed to help parents develop good character in our children, and to strengthen a spirit of citizenship and service in our communities.  The acts of September 11th have prompted that initiative to occur on its own, in ways far greater than I could have ever imagined.  We've shown great love for our country, and great tolerance and respect for all our countrymen.
I was struck by this:  that in many cities, when Christian and Jewish women learn that Muslim women -- women of cover -- were afraid of going out of their homes alone, that they went shopping with them, that they showed true friendship and support -- an act that shows the world the true nature of America.
Our war on terrorism has nothing to do with differences in faith.  It has everything to do with people of all faiths coming together to condemn hate and evil and murder and prejudice.
One month after great suffering and sorrow, America is strong and determined and generous.  I'm honored to lead such a country, and I know we are ready for the challenges ahead.
Good morning and welcome to the White House.  Today, we take an essential step in defeating terrorism, while protecting the constitutional rights of all Americans.  With my signature, this law will give intelligence and law enforcement officials important new tools to fight a present danger.
I commend the House and Senate for the hard work they put into this legislation.  Members of Congress and their staffs spent long nights and weekends to get this important bill to my desk.  I appreciate their efforts, and bipartisanship, in passing this new law.
I want to thank the Vice President and his staff for working hard to make sure this law was passed.  I want to thank the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Treasury for being here, both of whom lead important parts of our war against terrorism.  I want to thank Attorney General John Ashcroft for spending a lot of time on the Hill to make the case for a balanced piece of legislation.  I want to thank the Director of the FBI and the Director of the CIA for waging an incredibly important part on the two-front war -- one overseas, and a front here at home.
I want to thank Governor Tom Ridge for his leadership.  I want to thank the members of Congress who are here on the stage, the Leaders, on this impressive effort.  Senator Hatch and Senator Leahy and Senator Sarbanes and Senator Graham and Senator Reid.
I also want to thank Representative Porter Goss, LaFalce, Oxley, and Sensenbrenner for their hard work.  And I want to welcome the men and women of law enforcement who are here in the White House with us today, as well.
The changes, effective today, will help counter a threat like no other our nation has ever faced.  We've seen the enemy, and the murder of thousands of innocent, unsuspecting people.  They recognize no barrier of morality.  They have no conscience.  The terrorists cannot be reasoned with.  Witness the recent anthrax attacks through our Postal Service.
Our country is grateful for the courage the Postal Service has shown during these difficult times.  We mourn the loss of the lives of Thomas Morris and Joseph Curseen; postal workers who died in the line of duty. And our prayers go to their loved ones.
I want to assure postal workers that our government is testing more than 200 postal facilities along the entire Eastern corridor that may have been impacted.  And we will move quickly to treat and protect workers where positive exposures are found.
But one thing is for certain:  These terrorists must be pursued, they must be defeated, and they must be brought to justice.  And that is the purpose of this legislation.  Since the 11th of September, the men and women of our intelligence and law enforcement agencies have been relentless in their response to new and sudden challenges.
We have seen the horrors terrorists can inflict.  We may never know what horrors our country was spared by the diligent and determined work of our police forces, the FBI, ATF agents, federal marshals, Custom officers, Secret Service, intelligence professionals and local law enforcement officials, under the most trying conditions.  They are serving this country with excellence, and often with bravery.
They deserve our full support and every means of help that we can provide.  We're dealing with terrorists who operate by highly sophisticated methods and technologies, some of which were not even available when our existing laws were written.  The bill before me takes account of the new realities and dangers posed by modern terrorists.  It will help law enforcement to identify, to dismantle, to disrupt, and to punish terrorists before they strike.
For example, this legislation gives law enforcement officials better tools to put an end to financial counterfeiting, smuggling and money-laundering.  Secondly, it gives intelligence operations and criminal operations the chance to operate not on separate tracks, but to share vital information so necessary to disrupt a terrorist attack before it occurs.
As of today, we're changing the laws governing information-sharing. And as importantly, we're changing the culture of our various agencies that fight terrorism.  Countering and investigating terrorist activity is the number one priority for both law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
Surveillance of communications is another essential tool to pursue and stop terrorists.  The existing law was written in the era of rotary telephones.  This new law that I sign today will allow surveillance of all communications used by terrorists, including e-mails, the Internet, and cell phones.
As of today, we'll be able to better meet the technological challenges posed by this proliferation of communications technology.  Investigations are often slowed by limit on the reach of federal search warrants.
Law enforcement agencies have to get a new warrant for each new district they investigate, even when they're after the same suspect.  Under this new law, warrants are valid across all districts and across all states.  And, finally, the new legislation greatly enhances the penalties that will fall on terrorists or anyone who helps them.
Current statutes deal more severely with drug-traffickers than with terrorists.  That changes today.  We are enacting new and harsh penalties for possession of biological weapons.  We're making it easier to seize the assets of groups and individuals involved in terrorism. The government will have wider latitude in deporting known terrorists and their supporters. The statute of limitations on terrorist acts will be lengthened, as will prison sentences for terrorists.
This bill was carefully drafted and considered.  Led by the members of Congress on this stage, and those seated in the audience, it was crafted with skill and care, determination and a spirit of bipartisanship for which the entire nation is grateful.  This bill met with an overwhelming -- overwhelming agreement in Congress, because it upholds and respects the civil liberties guaranteed by our Constitution.
This legislation is essential not only to pursuing and punishing terrorists, but also preventing more atrocities in the hands of the evil ones.  This government will enforce this law with all the urgency of a nation at war.  The elected branches of our government, and both political parties, are united in our resolve to fight and stop and punish those who would do harm to the American people.
It is now my honor to sign into law the USA Patriot Act of 2001. Thank you.  Mr. Secretary General, Mr. President, distinguished delegates, and ladies and gentlemen:
We meet in a hall devoted to peace, in a city scarred by violence, in a nation awakened to danger, in a world uniting for a long struggle.  Every civilized nation here today is resolved to keep the most basic commitment of civilization: We will defend ourselves and our future against terror and lawless violence.
The United Nations was founded in this cause.  In a second world war, we learned there is no isolation from evil.  We affirmed that some crimes are so terrible they offend humanity, itself.  And we resolved that the aggressions and ambitions of the wicked must be opposed early, decisively, and collectively, before they threaten us all.  That evil has returned, and that cause is renewed.
A few miles from here, many thousands still lie in a tomb of rubble. Tomorrow, the Secretary General, the President of the General Assembly, and I will visit that site, where the names of every nation and region that lost citizens will be read aloud.  If we were to read the names of every person who died, it would take more than three hours.
Those names include a citizen of Gambia, whose wife spent their fourth wedding anniversary, September the 12th, searching in vain for her husband. Those names include a man who supported his wife in Mexico, sending home money every week.  Those names include a young Pakistani who prayed toward Mecca five times a day, and died that day trying to save others.
The suffering of September the 11th was inflicted on people of many faiths and many nations.  All of the victims, including Muslims, were killed with equal indifference and equal satisfaction by the terrorist leaders.  The terrorists are violating the tenets of every religion, including the one they invoke.
Last week, the Sheikh of Al-Azhar University, the world's oldest Islamic institution of higher learning, declared that terrorism is a disease, and that Islam prohibits killing innocent civilians.  The terrorists call their cause holy, yet, they fund it with drug dealing; they encourage murder and suicide in the name of a great faith that forbids both.  They dare to ask God's blessing as they set out to kill innocent men, women and children.  But the God of Isaac and Ishmael would never answer such a prayer.  And a murderer is not a martyr; he is just a murderer.
Time is passing.  Yet, for the United States of America, there will be no forgetting September the 11th.  We will remember every rescuer who died in honor.  We will remember every family that lives in grief.  We will remember the fire and ash, the last phone calls, the funerals of the children.
And the people of my country will remember those who have plotted against us.  We are learning their names.  We are coming to know their faces.  There is no corner of the Earth distant or dark enough to protect them.  However long it takes, their hour of justice will come.
Every nation has a stake in this cause.  As we meet, the terrorists are planning more murder -- perhaps in my country, or perhaps in yours. They kill because they aspire to dominate.  They seek to overthrow governments and destabilize entire regions.
Last week, anticipating this meeting of the General Assembly, they denounced the United Nations.  They called our Secretary General a criminal and condemned all Arab nations here as traitors to Islam.
Few countries meet their exacting standards of brutality and oppression.  Every other country is a potential target.  And all the world faces the most horrifying prospect of all:  These same terrorists are searching for weapons of mass destruction, the tools to turn their hatred into holocaust. They can be expected to use chemical, biological and nuclear weapons the moment they are capable of doing so.  No hint of conscience would prevent it.
This threat cannot be ignored.  This threat cannot be appeased. Civilization, itself, the civilization we share, is threatened.  History will record our response, and judge or justify every nation in this hall.
The civilized world is now responding.  We act to defend ourselves and deliver our children from a future of fear.  We choose the dignity of life over a culture of death.  We choose lawful change and civil disagreement over coercion, subversion, and chaos.  These commitments -- hope and order, law and life -- unite people across cultures and continents.  Upon these commitments depend all peace and progress.  For these commitments, we are determined to fight.
The United Nations has risen to this responsibility.  On the 12th of September, these buildings opened for emergency meetings of the General Assembly and the Security Council.  Before the sun had set, these attacks on the world stood condemned by the world.  And I want to thank you for this strong and principled stand.
I also thank the Arab Islamic countries that have condemned terrorist murder.  Many of you have seen the destruction of terror in your own lands. The terrorists are increasingly isolated by their own hatred and extremism. They cannot hide behind Islam.  The authors of mass murder and their allies have no place in any culture, and no home in any faith.
The conspiracies of terror are being answered by an expanding global coalition.  Not every nation will be a part of every action against the enemy.  But every nation in our coalition has duties.  These duties can be demanding, as we in America are learning.  We have already made adjustments in our laws and in our daily lives.  We're taking new measures to investigate terror and to protect against threats.
The leaders of all nations must now carefully consider their responsibilities and their future.  Terrorist groups like al Qaeda depend upon the aid or indifference of governments.  They need the support of a financial infrastructure, and safe havens to train and plan and hide.
Some nations want to play their part in the fight against terror, but tell us they lack the means to enforce their laws and control their borders.  We stand ready to help.  Some governments still turn a blind eye to the terrorists, hoping the threat will pass them by.  They are mistaken. And some governments, while pledging to uphold the principles of the U.N., have cast their lot with the terrorists.  They support them and harbor them, and they will find that their welcome guests are parasites that will weaken them, and eventually consume them.
For every regime that sponsors terror, there is a price to be paid. And it will be paid.  The allies of terror are equally guilty of murder and equally accountable to justice.
The Taliban are now learning this lesson -- that regime and the terrorists who support it are now virtually indistinguishable.  Together they promote terror abroad and impose a reign of terror on the Afghan people.  Women are executed in Kabal's soccer stadium.  They can be beaten for wearing socks that are too thin.  Men are jailed for missing prayer meetings.
The United States, supported by many nations, is bringing justice to the terrorists in Afghanistan.  We're making progress against military targets, and that is our objective.  Unlike the enemy, we seek to minimize, not maximize, the loss of innocent life.
I'm proud of the honorable conduct of the American military.  And my country grieves for all the suffering the Taliban have brought upon Afghanistan, including the terrible burden of war.  The Afghan people do not deserve their present rulers.  Years of Taliban misrule have brought nothing but misery and starvation.   Even before this current crisis, 4 million Afghans depended on food from the United States and other nations, and millions of Afghans were refugees from Taliban oppression.
I make this promise to all the victims of that regime:  The Taliban's days of harboring terrorists and dealing in heroin and brutalizing women are drawing to a close.  And when that regime is gone, the people of Afghanistan will say with the rest of the world: good riddance.
I can promise, too, that America will join the world in helping the people of Afghanistan rebuild their country.  Many nations, including mine, are sending food and medicine to help Afghans through the winter.  America has air-dropped over 1.3 million packages of rations into Afghanistan. Just this week, we air-lifted 20,000 blankets and over 200 tons of provisions into the region.  We continue to provide humanitarian aid, even while the Taliban tried to steal the food we send.
More help eventually will be needed.  The United States will work closely with the United Nations and development banks to reconstruct Afghanistan after hostilities there have ceased and the Taliban are no longer in control.  And the United States will work with the U.N. to support a post-Taliban government that represents all of the Afghan people.
In this war of terror, each of us must answer for what we have done or what we have left undone.  After tragedy, there is a time for sympathy and condolence.  And my country has been very grateful for both.  The memorials and vigils around the world will not be forgotten.  But the time for sympathy has now passed; the time for action has now arrived.
The most basic obligations in this new conflict have already been defined by the United Nations.  On September the 28th, the Security Council adopted Resolution 1373.  Its requirements are clear:  Every United Nations member has a responsibility to crack down on terrorist financing.  We must pass all necessary laws in our own countries to allow the confiscation of terrorist assets.  We must apply those laws to every financial institution in every nation.
We have a responsibility to share intelligence and coordinate the efforts of law enforcement.  If you know something, tell us.  If we know something, we'll tell you.  And when we find the terrorists, we must work together to bring them to justice.  We have a responsibility to deny any sanctuary, safe haven or transit to terrorists.  Every known terrorist camp must be shut down, its operators apprehended, and evidence of their arrest presented to the United Nations.  We have a responsibility to deny weapons to terrorists and to actively prevent private citizens from providing them.
These obligations are urgent and they are binding on every nation with a place in this chamber.  Many governments are taking these obligations seriously, and my country appreciates it.  Yet, even beyond Resolution 1373, more is required, and more is expected of our coalition against terror.
We're asking for a comprehensive commitment to this fight.  We must unite in opposing all terrorists, not just some of them.  In this world there are good causes and bad causes, and we may disagree on where the line is drawn. Yet, there is no such thing as a good terrorist.  No national aspiration, no remembered wrong can ever justify the deliberate murder of the innocent. Any government that rejects this principle, trying to pick and choose its terrorist friends, will know the consequences.
We must speak the truth about terror.  Let us never tolerate outrageous conspiracy theories concerning the attacks of September the 11th; malicious lies that attempt to shift the blame away from the terrorists, themselves, away from the guilty.  To inflame ethnic hatred is to advance the cause of terror.
The war against terror must not serve as an excuse to persecute ethnic and religious minorities in any country. Innocent people must be allowed to live their own lives, by their own customs, under their own religion. And every nation must have avenues for the peaceful expression of opinion and dissent. When these avenues are closed, the temptation to speak through violence grows.
We must press on with our agenda for peace and prosperity in every land.  My country is pledged to encouraging development and expanding trade.  My country is pledged to investing in education and combating AIDS and other infectious diseases around the world.  Following September 11th, these pledges are even more important.  In our struggle against hateful groups that exploit poverty and despair, we must offer an alternative of opportunity and hope.
The American government also stands by its commitment to a just peace in the Middle East.  We are working toward a day when two states, Israel and Palestine, live peacefully together within secure and recognize borders as called for by the Security Council resolutions.  We will do all in our power to bring both parties back into negotiations.  But peace will only come when all have sworn off, forever, incitement, violence and terror.
And, finally, this struggle is a defining moment for the United Nations, itself.  And the world needs its principled leadership.  It undermines the credibility of this great institution, for example, when the Commission on Human Rights offers seats to the world's most persistent violators of human rights.  The United Nations depends, above all, on its moral authority -- and that authority must be preserved.
The steps I described will not be easy.  For all nations, they will require effort.  For some nations, they will require great courage.  Yet, the cost of inaction is far greater.  The only alternative to victory is a nightmare world where every city is a potential killing field.
As I've told the American people, freedom and fear are at war.  We face enemies that hate not our policies, but our existence; the tolerance of openness and creative culture that defines us.  But the outcome of this conflict is certain:  There is a current in history and it runs toward freedom.  Our enemies resent it and dismiss it, but the dreams of mankind are defined by liberty -- the natural right to create and build and worship and live in dignity.  When men and women are released from oppression and isolation, they find fulfillment and hope, and they leave poverty by the millions.
These aspirations are lifting up the peoples of Europe, Asia, Africa and the Americas, and they can lift up all of the Islamic world.
We stand for the permanent hopes of humanity, and those hopes will not be denied.  We're confident, too, that history has an author who fills time and eternity with his purpose.  We know that evil is real, but good will prevail against it.  This is the  teaching of many faiths, and in that assurance we gain strength for a long journey.
It is our task -- the task of this generation -- to provide the response to aggression and terror.  We have no other choice, because there is no other peace.
We did not ask for this mission, yet there is honor in history's call. We have a chance to write the story of our times, a story of courage defeating cruelty and light overcoming darkness.  This calling is worthy of any life, and worthy of every nation.  So let us go forward, confident, determined, and unafraid.
Thank you very much. I'm glad to be back here at the Citadel.  
I have come to talk about the future security of our country, in a place where I took up this subject two years ago when I was candidate for President.  In September 1999, I said here at the Citadel that America was entering a period of consequences that would be defined by the threat of terror, and that we faced a challenge of military transformation.  That threat has now revealed itself, and that challenge is now the military and moral necessity of our time. So, today, I will set forth the commitments essential to victory in our war against terror.
I want to thank Major General John Grinalds for his hospitality.  I want to thank the Citadel Board of Visitors, the staff, and the faculty.  I understand the Governor is here.  And I know my friends, the Lt. Governor, the Speaker and the Attorney General are here, and it was great to have seen them at the airport.  I thank my friend, Adjutant General Stan Spears for being here.
I'm grateful that Senator Hollings and members of the South Carolina congressional delegation flew down on Air Force One.  I only wish that the senior Senator was on the airplane so I could have wished him a happy 99th birthday.
But most of all, most of all, I want to say how much I appreciate being in the presence of some of America's finest, the South Carolina Corp of Cadets of Citadel.
Four days ago, I joined the men and women of the USS Enterprise to mark the 60th anniversary of Pearl Harbor.  December 7th, 1941 was a decisive day that changed our nation forever.  In a single moment, America's "splendid isolation" was ended.  And the four years that followed transformed the American way of war.
The age of battleships gave way to the offensive capability of aircraft carriers.  The tank, once used only to protect infantry, now served to cut through enemy lines.  At Guadalcanal, and Normandy, and Iwo Jima, amphibious warfare proved its worth.  And by war's end, no one would ever again doubt the value of strategic air power.
Even more importantly, an American President and his successors shaped a world beyond a war.  They rebuilt Europe with the Marshall Plan, formed a great alliance for freedom in NATO, and expressed the hope of collective security in the United Nations.  America took the lead, becoming freedom's defender and assuming responsibilities that only we could bear.
September 11th, 2001 -- three months and a long time ago -- set another dividing line in our lives and in the life of our nation.  An illusion of immunity was shattered.  A faraway evil became a present danger.  And a great cause became clear:  We will fight terror and those who sponsor it, to save our children from a future of fear.
To win this war, we have to think differently.  The enemy who appeared on September 11th seeks to evade our strength and constantly searches for our weaknesses.  So America is required once again to change the way our military thinks and fights.  And starting on October 7th, the enemy in Afghanistan got the first glimpses of a new American military that cannot, and will not, be evaded.
When I committed U.S. forces to this battle, I had every confidence that they would be up to the task.  And they have proven me right.  The Taliban and the terrorists set out to dominate a country and intimidate the world.  Today, from their caves, it's all looking a little different.  And no cave is deep enough to escape the patient justice of the United States of America.
We are also beginning to see the possibilities of a world beyond the war on terror.  We have a chance, if we take it, to write a hopeful chapter in human history.  All at once, a new threat to civilization is erasing old lines of rivalry and resentment between nations.  Russia and America are building a new cooperative relationship.  India and the United States are increasingly aligned across a range of issues, even as we work closely with Pakistan.  Germany and Japan are assuming new military roles, appropriate to their status as great democracies.
The vast majority of countries are now on the same side of a moral and ideological divide.  We're making common cause with every nation that chooses lawful change over chaotic violence -- every nation that values peace and safety and innocent life.
Staring across this divide are bands of murderers, supported by outlaw regimes.  They are a movement defined by their hatreds.  They hate progress, and freedom, and choice, and culture, and music, and laughter, and women, and Christians, and Jews, and all Muslims who reject their distorted doctrines.  They love only one thing -- they love power.  And when they have it, they use it without mercy.
The great threat to civilization is not that the terrorists will inspire millions.  Only the terrorists themselves would want to live in their brutal and joyless world.  The great threat to civilization is that a few evil men will multiply their murders, and gain the means to kill on a scale equal to their hatred.  We know they have this mad intent, and we're determined to stop them.
Our lives, our way of life, and our every hope for the world depend on a single commitment:  The authors of mass murder must be defeated, and never allowed to gain or use the weapons of mass destruction.
America and our friends will meet this threat with every method at our disposal.  We will discover and destroy sleeper cells.  We will track terrorist movements, trace their communications, disrupt their funding, and take their network apart, piece by piece.
Above all, we're acting to end the state sponsorship of terror.  Rogue states are clearly the most likely sources of chemical and biological and nuclear weapons for terrorists.  Every nation now knows that we cannot accept -- and we will not accept -- states that harbor, finance, train, or equip the agents of terror.  Those nations that violate this principle will be regarded as hostile regimes.  They have been warned, they are being watched, and they will be held to account.
Preventing mass terror will be the responsibilities of Presidents far into the future.  And this obligation sets three urgent and enduring priorities for America.  The first priority is to speed the transformation of our military.
When the Cold War ended, some predicted that the era of direct threats to our nation was over.  Some thought our military would be used overseas -- not to win wars, but mainly to police and pacify, to control crowds and contain ethnic conflict.  They were wrong.
While the threats to America have changed, the need for victory has not.  We are fighting shadowy, entrenched enemies -- enemies using the tools of terror and guerrilla war -- yet we are finding new tactics and new weapons to attack and defeat them.  This revolution in our military is only beginning, and it promises to change the face of battle.
Afghanistan has been a proving ground for this new approach.  These past two months have shown that an innovative doctrine and high-tech weaponry can shape and then dominate an unconventional conflict.  The brave men and women of our military are rewriting the rules of war with new technologies and old values like courage and honor.  And they have made this nation proud.
Our commanders are gaining a real-time picture of the entire battlefield, and are able to get targeting information from sensor to shooter almost instantly.  Our intelligence professionals and special forces have cooperated in battle-friendly -- with battle-friendly Afghan forces -- fighters who know the terrain, who know the Taliban, and who understand the local culture.  And our special forces have the technology to call in precision air strikes -- along with the flexibility to direct those strikes from horseback, in the first cavalry charge of the 21st century.
This combination -- real-time intelligence, local allied forces, special forces, and precision air power -- has really never been used before.  The conflict in Afghanistan has taught us more about the future of our military than a decade of blue ribbon panels and think-tank symposiums.
The Predator is a good example.  This unmanned aerial vehicle is able to circle over enemy forces, gather intelligence, transmit information instantly back to commanders, then fire on targets with extreme accuracy.
Before the war, the Predator had skeptics, because it did not fit the old ways.  Now it is clear the military does not have enough unmanned vehicles.  We're entering an era in which unmanned vehicles of all kinds will take on greater importance -- in space, on land, in the air, and at sea.
Precision-guided munitions also offer great promise.  In the Gulf War, these weapons were the exception -- while in Afghanistan, they have been the majority of the munitions we have used.  We're striking with greater effectiveness, at greater range, with fewer civilian casualties.  More and more, our weapons can hit moving targets.  When all of our military can continuously locate and track moving targets -- with surveillance from air and space -- warfare will be truly revolutionized.
The need for military transformation was clear before the conflict in Afghanistan, and before September the 11th.  Here at the Citadel in 1999, I spoke of keeping the peace by redefining war on our terms.  The same recommendation was made in the strategic review that Secretary Rumsfeld briefed me on last August -- a review that I fully endorse.  What's different today is our sense of urgency -- the need to build this future force while fighting a present war.  It's like overhauling an engine while you're going at 80 miles an hour.  Yet we have no other choice.
Our military has a new and essential mission.  For states that support terror, it's not enough that the consequences be costly -- they must be devastating.  The more credible this reality, the more likely that regimes will change their behavior -- making it less likely that America and our friends will need to use overwhelming force against them.
To build our future force, the Armed Services must continue to attract America's best people, with good pay and good living conditions.  Our military culture must reward new thinking, innovation, and experimentation.  Congress must give defense leaders the freedom to innovate, instead of micromanaging the Defense Department.  And every service and every constituency of our military must be willing to sacrifice some of their own pet projects.  Our war on terror cannot be used to justify obsolete bases, obsolete programs, or obsolete weapon systems.  Every dollar of defense spending must meet a single test:  It must help us build the decisive power we will need to win the wars of the future.
Our country is united in supporting a great cause -- and in supporting those who fight for it.  We will give our men and women in uniform every resource, every weapon, every tool they need to win the long battle that lies ahead.
America's next priority to prevent mass terror is to protect against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them.  I wish I could report to the American people that this threat does not exist -- that our enemy is content with car bombs and box cutters -- but I cannot.
One former al Qaeda member has testified in court that he was involved in an effort 10 years ago to obtain nuclear materials.  And the leader of al Qaeda calls that effort "a religious duty."  Abandoned al Qaeda houses in Kabul contained diagrams for crude weapons of mass destruction.  And as we all know, terrorists have put anthrax into the U.S. mail, and used sarin gas in a Tokyo subway.
And almost every state that actively sponsors terror is known to be seeking weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them at longer and longer ranges.  Their hope is to blackmail the United States into abandoning our war on terror, and forsaking our friends and allies and security commitments around the world.  Our enemies are bound for disappointment.  America will never be blackmailed, and we will never forsake our commitment to liberty.
To meet our new threats, I have directed my National Security Advisor and my Homeland Security Director to develop a comprehensive strategy on proliferation.  Working with other countries, we will strengthen nonproliferation treaties and toughen export controls.  Together, we must keep the world's most dangerous technologies out of the hands of the world's most dangerous people.
A crucial partner in this effort is Russia -- a nation we are helping to dismantle strategic weapons, reduce nuclear material, and increase security at nuclear sites.  Our two countries will expand efforts to provide peaceful employment for scientists who formerly worked in Soviet weapons facilities.  The United States will also work with Russia to build a facility to destroy tons of nerve agent.  I'll request an over-all increase in funding to support this vital mission.
Even as we fight to prevent proliferation, we must prepare for every possibility.  At home, we must be better prepared to detect, protect against, and respond to the potential use of weapons of mass destruction.  Abroad, our military forces must have the ability to fight and win against enemies who would use such weapons against us.
Biodefense has become a major initiative of ours.  This year we've already requested nearly $3 billion additional dollars for biodefense, more than doubling the level of funding prior to September the 11th.
The attacks on our nation made it even more clear that we need to build limited and effective defenses against a missile attack.  Our enemies seek every chance and every means to do harm to our country, our forces, and our friends.  And we will not permit it.
Suppose the Taliban and the terrorists had been able to strike America or important allies with a ballistic missile.  Our coalition would have become fragile, the stakes in our war much, much higher.  We must protect Americans and our friends against all forms of terror, including the terror that could arrive on a missile.
Last week we conducted another promising test of our missile defense technology.  For the good of peace, we're moving forward with an active program to determine what works and what does not work.  In order to do so, we must move beyond the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, a treaty that was written in a different era, for a different enemy.
America and our allies must not be bound to the past.  We must be able to build the defenses we need against the enemies of the 21st century.
Our third and final priority in the fight against mass terror is to strengthen the advantage that good intelligence gives our country.  Every day I make decisions influenced by the intelligence briefing of that morning.  To reach decisions, a President needs more than data and information.  A President needs real and current knowledge and analysis of the plans, intentions, and capabilities of our enemies.
The last several months have shown that there is no substitute for good intelligence officers, people on the ground.  These are the people who find the targets, follow our enemies, and help us disrupt their evil plans.
The United States must rebuild our network of human intelligence.  And we will apply the best new technology to gather intelligence on the new threats.  Sophisticated systems like Global Hawk, an unmanned surveillance plane, are transforming our intelligence capabilities.  Our technological strengths produce great advantages, and we will build on them.
Our intelligence services and federal law enforcement agencies must work more closely together, and share timely information with our state and local authorities.  The more we know, the more terrorist plans we can prevent and disrupt, and the better we'll be able to protect the American people.
And in all they do, our intelligence agencies must attract the best people -- the best collectors, the best analysts, the best linguists.  We will give them the training they need and the compensation they deserve.
There have been times here in America when our intelligence services were held in suspicion, and even contempt.  Now, when we face this new war, we know how much we need them.  And for their dedication and for their service, America is grateful.
We're also grateful to you, the students of the Citadel.  Your uniforms symbolize a tradition of honor and sacrifice, renewed in your own lives.  Many of you will enter our military -- taking your place in the war against terror.  That struggle may continue for many years, and it may bring great costs.  But you will have chosen a great calling at a crucial hour for our nation.
The course we follow is a matter of profound consequence to many nations.  If America wavers, the world will lose heart.  If America leads, the world will show its courage.  America will never waver.  America will lead the world to peace.
Our cause is necessary.  Our cause is just.  And no matter how long it takes, we will defeat the enemies of freedom.
In all that is to come, I know the graduates of the Citadel will bring credit to America, to the military, and to this great institution.  In the words of your school song, you will go where you've always gone -- "in the Paths our fathers showed us...Peace and Honor, God and Country, We will fight for thee."
God bless.A great writer has said that the struggle of humanity against tyranny is the struggle of memory against forgetting. When we fight terror, we fight tyranny; and so we remember. We remember the perfect blueness of the sky that Tuesday morning. We remember the children traveling without their mothers when their planes were hijacked.
We remember the cruelty of the murderers and the pain and anguish of the murdered. Every one of the innocents who died on September the 11th was the most important person on earth to somebody. Every death extinguished a world.
We remember the courage of the rescue workers and the outpouring of friendship and sympathy from nations around the world. We remember how we felt that day: our sadness, the surge of love for our country, our anger, and our determination to right this huge wrong.
Today, the wrong is being righted and justice is being done. We still have far to go. And many dangers lie ahead. Yet, there can be no doubt how this conflict will end. Our enemies have made the mistake that America's enemies always make. They saw liberty and thought they saw weakness. And now, they see defeat.
In time, this war will end. But our remembrance never will. All around this beautiful city are statues of our heroes, memorials, museums and archives that preserve our national experience, our achievements and our failures, our defeats and our victories.
This republic is young, but its memory is long. Now, we have inscribed a new memory alongside those others. It's a memory of tragedy and shock, of loss and mourning. But not only of loss and mourning. It's also a memory of bravery and self-sacrifice, and the love that lays down its life for a friend -- even a friend whose name it never knew.
We are privileged to have with us the families of many of the heroes on September the 11th, including the family of Jeremy Glick of Flight 93. His courage and self-sacrifice may have saved the White House. It is right and fitting that it is here we pay our respects.
In time, perhaps, we will mark the memory of September the 11th in stone and metal -- something we can show children as yet unborn to help them understand what happened on this minute and on this day.
But for those of us who lived through these events, the only marker we'll ever need is the tick of a clock at the 46th minute of the eighth hour of the 11th day. We will remember where we were and how we felt. We will remember the dead and what we owe them. We will remember what we lost and what we found.
And in our time, we will honor the memory of the 11th day by doing our duty as citizens of this great country, freedom's home and freedoms defender.
God bless. Thank you very much.
Mr. Speaker, Vice President Cheney, members of Congress, distinguished guests, fellow citizens: As we gather tonight, our nation is at war, our economy is in recession, and the civilized world faces unprecedented dangers. Yet the state of our Union has never been stronger.
We last met in an hour of shock and suffering.  In four short months, our nation has comforted the victims, begun to rebuild New York and the Pentagon, rallied a great coalition, captured, arrested, and rid the world of thousands of terrorists, destroyed Afghanistan's terrorist training camps, saved a people from starvation, and freed a country from brutal oppression.
The American flag flies again over our embassy in Kabul. Terrorists who once occupied Afghanistan now occupy cells at Guantanamo Bay. And terrorist leaders who urged followers to sacrifice their lives are running for their own.
America and Afghanistan are now allies against terror. We'll be partners in rebuilding that country. And this evening we welcome the distinguished interim leader of a liberated Afghanistan: Chairman Hamid Karzai.
The last time we met in this chamber, the mothers and daughters of Afghanistan were captives in their own homes, forbidden from working or going to school.  Today women are free, and are part of Afghanistan's new government.  And we welcome the new Minister of Women's Affairs, Doctor Sima Samar.
Our progress is a tribute to the spirit of the Afghan people, to the resolve of our coalition, and to the might of the United States military. When I called our troops into action, I did so with complete confidence in their courage and skill. And tonight, thanks to them, we are winning the war on terror. The man and women of our Armed Forces have delivered a message now clear to every enemy of the United States:  Even 7,000 miles away, across oceans and continents, on mountaintops and in caves -- you will not escape the justice of this nation.
For many Americans, these four months have brought sorrow, and pain that will never completely go away. Every day a retired firefighter returns to Ground Zero, to feel closer to his two sons who died there. At a memorial in New York, a little boy left his football with a note for his lost father: Dear Daddy, please take this to heaven. I don't want to play football until I can play with you again some day.
Last month, at the grave of her husband, Michael, a CIA officer and Marine who died in Mazur-e-Sharif, Shannon Spann said these words of farewell: "Semper Fi, my love." Shannon is with us tonight.
Shannon, I assure you and all who have lost a loved one that our cause is just, and our country will never forget the debt we owe Michael and all who gave their lives for freedom.
Our cause is just, and it continues. Our discoveries in Afghanistan confirmed our worst fears, and showed us the true scope of the task ahead. We have seen the depth of our enemies' hatred in videos, where they laugh about the loss of innocent life. And the depth of their hatred is equaled by the madness of the destruction they design. We have found diagrams of American nuclear power plants and public water facilities, detailed instructions for making chemical weapons, surveillance maps of American cities, and thorough descriptions of landmarks in America and throughout the world.
What we have found in Afghanistan confirms that, far from ending there, our war against terror is only beginning. Most of the 19 men who hijacked planes on September the 11th were trained in Afghanistan's camps, and so were tens of thousands of others. Thousands of dangerous killers, schooled in the methods of murder, often supported by outlaw regimes, are now spread throughout the world like ticking time bombs, set to go off without warning.
Thanks to the work of our law enforcement officials and coalition partners, hundreds of terrorists have been arrested. Yet, tens of thousands of trained terrorists are still at large. These enemies view the entire world as a battlefield, and we must pursue them wherever they are. So long as training camps operate, so long as nations harbor terrorists, freedom is at risk. And America and our allies must not, and will not, allow it.
Our nation will continue to be steadfast and patient and persistent in the pursuit of two great objectives. First, we will shut down terrorist camps, disrupt terrorist plans, and bring terrorists to justice. And, second, we must prevent the terrorists and regimes who seek chemical, biological or nuclear weapons from threatening the United States and the world.
Our military has put the terror training camps of Afghanistan out of business, yet camps still exist in at least a dozen countries. A terrorist underworld -- including groups like Hamas, Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad, Jaish-i-Mohammed -- operates in remote jungles and deserts, and hides in the centers of large cities.
While the most visible military action is in Afghanistan, America is acting elsewhere. We now have troops in the Philippines, helping to train that country's armed forces to go after terrorist cells that have executed an American, and still hold hostages. Our soldiers, working with the Bosnian government, seized terrorists who were plotting to bomb our embassy. Our Navy is patrolling the coast of Africa to block the shipment of weapons and the establishment of terrorist camps in Somalia.
My hope is that all nations will heed our call, and eliminate the terrorist parasites who threaten their countries and our own.  Many nations are acting forcefully. Pakistan is now cracking down on terror, and I admire the strong leadership of President Musharraf.
But some governments will be timid in the face of terror. And make no mistake about it: If they do not act, America will.
Our second goal is to prevent regimes that sponsor terror from threatening America or our friends and allies with weapons of mass destruction. Some of these regimes have been pretty quiet since September the 11th. But we know their true nature. North Korea is a regime arming with missiles and weapons of mass destruction, while starving its citizens.
Iran aggressively pursues these weapons and exports terror, while an unelected few repress the Iranian people's hope for freedom.
Iraq continues to flaunt its hostility toward America and to support terror. The Iraqi regime has plotted to develop anthrax, and nerve gas, and nuclear weapons for over a decade. This is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens -- leaving the bodies of mothers huddled over their dead children. This is a regime that agreed to international inspections -- then kicked out the inspectors. This is a regime that has something to hide from the civilized world.
States like these, and their terrorist allies, constitute an axis of evil, arming to threaten the peace of the world. By seeking weapons of mass destruction, these regimes pose a grave and growing danger. They could provide these arms to terrorists, giving them the means to match their hatred. They could attack our allies or attempt to blackmail the United States. In any of these cases, the price of indifference would be catastrophic.
We will work closely with our coalition to deny terrorists and their state sponsors the materials, technology, and expertise to make and deliver weapons of mass destruction. We will develop and deploy effective missile defenses to protect America and our allies from sudden attack. And all nations should know: America will do what is necessary to ensure our nation's security.
We'll be deliberate, yet time is not on our side. I will not wait on events, while dangers gather.  I will not stand by, as peril draws closer and closer. The United States of America will not permit the world's most dangerous regimes to threaten us with the world's most destructive weapons. 
Our War on terror is well begun, but it is only begun. This campaign may not be finished on our watch -- yet it must be and it will be waged on our watch.
We can't stop short. If we stop now -- leaving terror camps intact and terror states unchecked -- our sense of security would be false and temporary. History has called America and our allies to action, and it is both our responsibility and our privilege to fight freedom's fight.
Our first priority must always be the security of our nation, and that will be reflected in the budget I send to Congress. My budget supports three great goals for America: We will win this war; we'll protect our homeland; and we will revive our economy.
September the 11th brought out the best in America, and the best in this Congress. And I join the American people in applauding your unity and resolve. Now Americans deserve to have this same spirit directed toward addressing problems here at home. I'm a proud member of my party -- yet as we act to win the war, protect our people, and create jobs in America, we must act, first and foremost, not as Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Americans.
It costs a lot to fight this war.  We have spent more than a billion dollars a month -- over $30 million a day -- and we must be prepared for future operations. Afghanistan proved that expensive precision weapons defeat the enemy and spare innocent lives, and we need more of them. We need to replace aging aircraft and make our military more agile, to put our troops anywhere in the world quickly and safely. Our men and women in uniform deserve the best weapons, the best equipment, the best training -- and they also deserve another pay raise.
My budget includes the largest increase in defense spending in two decades -- because while the price of freedom and security is high, it is never too high. Whatever it costs to defend our country, we will pay.
The next priority of my budget is to do everything possible to protect our citizens and strengthen our nation against the ongoing threat of another attack. Time and distance from the events of September the 11th will not make us safer unless we act on its lessons. America is no longer protected by vast oceans. We are protected from attack only by vigorous action abroad, and increased vigilance at home.
My budget nearly doubles funding for a sustained strategy of homeland security, focused on four key areas: bioterrorism, emergency response, airport and border security, and improved intelligence.  We will develop vaccines to fight anthrax and other deadly diseases. We'll increase funding to help states and communities train and equip our heroic police and firefighters. We will improve intelligence collection and sharing, expand patrols at our borders, strengthen the security of air travel, and use technology to track the arrivals and departures of visitors to the United States.
Homeland security will make America not only stronger, but, in many ways, better. Knowledge gained from bioterrorism research will improve public health. Stronger police and fire departments will mean safer neighborhoods. Stricter border enforcement will help combat illegal drugs. And as government works to better secure our homeland, America will continue to depend on the eyes and ears of alert citizens.
A few days before Christmas, an airline flight attendant spotted a passenger lighting a match. The crew and passengers quickly subdued the man, who had been trained by al Qaeda and was armed with explosives. The people on that plane were alert and, as a result, likely saved nearly 200 lives.  And tonight we welcome and thank flight attendants Hermis Moutardier and Christina Jones. 
Once we have funded our national security and our homeland security, the final great priority of my budget is economic security for the American people. To achieve these great national objectives -- to win the war, protect the homeland, and revitalize our economy -- our budget will run a deficit that will be small and short-term, so long as Congress restrains spending and acts in a fiscally responsible manner. We have clear priorities and we must act at home with the same purpose and resolve we have shown overseas: We'll prevail in the war, and we will defeat this recession.
Americans who have lost their jobs need our help and I support extending unemployment benefits and direct assistance for health care coverage. Yet, American workers want more than unemployment checks -- they want a steady paycheck. When America works, America prospers, so my economic security plan can be summed up in one word:  jobs.
Good jobs begin with good schools, and here we've made a fine start. Republicans and Democrats worked together to achieve historic education reform so that no child is left behind. I was proud to work with members of both parties: Chairman John Boehner and Congressman George Miller. Senator Judd Gregg. And I was so proud of our work, I even had nice things to say about my friend, Ted Kennedy. I know the folks at the Crawford coffee shop couldn't believe I'd say such a thing -- but our work on this bill shows what is possible if we set aside posturing and focus on results.
There is more to do. We need to prepare our children to read and succeed in school with improved Head Start and early childhood development programs. We must upgrade our teacher colleges and teacher training and launch a major recruiting drive with a great goal for America: a quality teacher in every classroom.
Good jobs also depend on reliable and affordable energy. This Congress must act to encourage conservation, promote technology, build infrastructure, and it must act to increase energy production at home so America is less dependent on foreign oil.
Good jobs depend on expanded trade. Selling into new markets creates new jobs, so I ask Congress to finally approve trade promotion authority. On these two key issues, trade and energy, the House of Representatives has acted to create jobs, and I urge the Senate to pass this legislation.
Good jobs depend on sound tax policy. Last year, some in this hall thought my tax relief plan was too small; some thought it was too big. But when the checks arrived in the mail, most Americans thought tax relief was just about right. Congress listened to the people and responded by reducing tax rates, doubling the child credit, and ending the death tax.  For the sake of long-term growth and to help Americans plan for the future, let's make these tax cuts permanent.
The way out of this recession, the way to create jobs, is to grow the economy by encouraging investment in factories and equipment, and by speeding up tax relief so people have more money to spend. For the sake of American workers, let's pass a stimulus package.
Good jobs must be the aim of welfare reform. As we reauthorize these important reforms, we must always remember the goal is to reduce dependency on government and offer every American the dignity of a job.
Americans know economic security can vanish in an instant without health security. I ask Congress to join me this year to enact a patients' bill of rights -- to give uninsured workers credits to help buy health coverage -- to approve an historic increase in the spending for veterans' health -- and to give seniors a sound and modern Medicare system that includes coverage for prescription drugs.
A good job should lead to security in retirement. I ask Congress to enact new safeguards for 401K and pension plans. Employees who have worked hard and saved all their lives should not have to risk losing everything if their company fails. Through stricter accounting standards and tougher disclosure requirements, corporate America must be made more accountable to employees and shareholders and held to the highest standards of conduct.
Retirement security also depends upon keeping the commitments of Social Security, and we will.  We must make Social Security financially stable and allow personal retirement accounts for younger workers who choose them.
Members, you and I will work together in the months ahead on other issues:  productive farm policy -- a cleaner environment -- broader home ownership, especially among minorities -- and ways to encourage the good work of charities and faith-based groups. I ask you to join me on these important domestic issues in the same spirit of cooperation we've applied to our war against terrorism.
During these last few months, I've been humbled and privileged to see the true character of this country in a time of testing. Our enemies believed America was weak and materialistic, that we would splinter in fear and selfishness. They were as wrong as they are evil.
The American people have responded magnificently, with courage and compassion, strength and resolve.  As I have met the heroes, hugged the families, and looked into the tired faces of rescuers, I have stood in awe of the American people.
And I hope you will join me -- I hope you will join me in expressing thanks to one American for the strength and calm and comfort she brings to our nation in crisis, our First Lady, Laura Bush. 
None of us would ever wish the evil that was done on September the 11th. Yet after America was attacked, it was as if our entire country looked into a mirror and saw our better selves. We were reminded that we are citizens, with obligations to each other, to our country, and to history. We began to think less of the goods we can accumulate, and more about the good we can do.
For too long our culture has said, "If it feels good, do it." Now America is embracing a new ethic and a new creed: "Let's roll." In the sacrifice of soldiers, the fierce brotherhood of firefighters, and the bravery and generosity of ordinary citizens, we have glimpsed what a new culture of responsibility could look like. We want to be a nation that serves goals larger than self.  We've been offered a unique opportunity, and we must not let this moment pass.
My call tonight is for every American to commit at least two years -- 4,000 hours over the rest of your lifetime -- to the service of your neighbors and your nation. Many are already serving, and I thank you.  If you aren't sure how to help, I've got a good place to start. To sustain and extend the best that has emerged in America, I invite you to join the new USA Freedom Corps. The Freedom Corps will focus on three areas of need: responding in case of crisis at home; rebuilding our communities; and extending American compassion throughout the world.
One purpose of the USA Freedom Corps will be homeland security. America needs retired doctors and nurses who can be mobilized in major emergencies; volunteers to help police and fire departments; transportation and utility workers well-trained in spotting danger.
Our country also needs citizens working to rebuild our communities. We need mentors to love children, especially children whose parents are in prison.  And we need more talented teachers in troubled schools. USA Freedom Corps will expand and improve the good efforts of AmeriCorps and Senior Corps to recruit more than 200,000 new volunteers.
And America needs citizens to extend the compassion of our country to every part of the world.  So we will renew the promise of the Peace Corps, double its volunteers over the next five years -- and ask it to join a new effort to encourage development and education and opportunity in the Islamic world.
This time of adversity offers a unique moment of opportunity -- a moment we must seize to change our culture.  Through the gathering momentum of millions of acts of service and decency and kindness, I know we can overcome evil with greater good. And we have a great opportunity during this time of war to lead the world toward the values that will bring lasting peace.
All fathers and mothers, in all societies, want their children to be educated, and live free from poverty and violence. No people on Earth yearn to be oppressed, or aspire to servitude, or eagerly await the midnight knock of the secret police.
If anyone doubts this, let them look to Afghanistan, where the Islamic "street" greeted the fall of tyranny with song and celebration. Let the skeptics look to Islam's own rich history, with its centuries of learning, and tolerance and progress. America will lead by defending liberty and justice because they are right and true and unchanging for all people everywhere.
No nation owns these aspirations, and no nation is exempt from them. We have no intention of imposing our culture. But America will always stand firm for the non-negotiable demands of human dignity:  the rule of law; limits on the power of the state; respect for women; private property; free speech; equal justice; and religious tolerance.
America will take the side of brave men and women who advocate these values around the world, including the Islamic world, because we have a greater objective than eliminating threats and containing resentment. We seek a just and peaceful world beyond the war on terror.
In this moment of opportunity, a common danger is erasing old rivalries. America is working with Russia and China and India, in ways we have never before, to achieve peace and prosperity.  In every region, free markets and free trade and free societies are proving their power to lift lives.  Together with friends and allies from Europe to Asia, and Africa to Latin America, we will demonstrate that the forces of terror cannot stop the momentum of freedom.
The last time I spoke here, I expressed the hope that life would return to normal. In some ways, it has. In others, it never will.  Those of us who have lived through these challenging times have been changed by them. We've come to know truths that we will never question: evil is real, and it must be opposed. Beyond all differences of race or creed, we are one country, mourning together and facing danger together. Deep in the American character, there is honor, and it is stronger than cynicism.  And many have discovered again that even in tragedy -- especially in tragedy -- God is near.
In a single instant, we realized that this will be a decisive decade in the history of liberty, that we've been called to a unique role in human events. Rarely has the world faced a choice more clear or consequential.
Our enemies send other people's children on missions of suicide and murder. They embrace tyranny and death as a cause and a creed. We stand for a different choice, made long ago, on the day of our founding. We affirm it again today. We choose freedom and the dignity of every life.
Steadfast in our purpose, we now press on. We have known freedom's price. We have shown freedom's power. And in this great conflict, my fellow Americans, we will see freedom's victory.
Thank you all. May God bless.A Message From Usama Bin Muhammad Bin Ladin unto His Muslim Brethren All Over The World Generally And In The Arabian Peninsula Specifically Praise be to Allah, we seek His help and ask for his pardon. We take refuge in Allah from the evil of ourselves and our bad deeds. Whoever been guided by Allah will not be misled, and who ever has been misled, he will never be guided. I bear witness that there is no God except Allah, no associates has He, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His slave and messenger.
"O you who believe! Be careful of your duty to Allah with the proper care which is due to Him, and do not die except as Muslim." (Imraan; 3:102). "O people, be careful of your duty to your Lord, Who created you from a single being and created its mate of the same kind, and spread from these two, many men and women; and be careful of your duty to Allah by whom you demand one of another your rights, and (be careful) to the ties of kinship; surely Allah ever watches over you." (An-Nisa; 4:1). "O you who believe! Be careful of your duty to Allah and speak the right word; He will put your deeds into a right state for you, and forgive you your faults; and who ever obeys Allah and his Apostle, he indeed achieves a mighty success." (Al-Ahzab; 33:70-71).
Praise be to Allah, reporting the saying of the prophet Shu'aib: "I desire nothing but reform so far as I am able, and with none but Allah is the direction of my affair to the right and successful path; on him do I rely and to him do I turn." (Hud; 11:88). Praise be to Allah, saying: "You are the best of the nations raised up for the benefit of men; you enjoin what is right and forbid the wrong and believe in Allah" (Aale Imraan; 3:110).
Allah's blessing and salutations on His slave and messenger, who said: "The people are close to an all-encompassing punishment from Allah if they see the oppressor and fail to restrain him." It should not be hidden from you that the people of Islam had suffered from aggression, iniquity and injustice imposed on them by the Zionist-Crusaders alliance and their collaborators; to the extent that the Muslims' blood became cheap and their wealth became as loot in the hands of the enemies. Their blood was spilled in Palestine and Iraq. The horrifying pictures of the massacre of Qana, in Lebanon, are still fresh in our memory. Massacres in Tajikistan, Burma, Kashmir, Assam, the Philippines, Fatani, Ogadin, Somalia, Eritria, Chechnya and in Bosnia and Herzegovina took place,massacres that send shivers through the body and shake the conscience. All of this the world watched and heard, yet not only didn't respond to these atrocities, but also, with a clear conspiracy between the USA and its allies and under the cover of the iniquitous United Nations, the dispossessed people were even prevented from obtaining arms to defend themselves.
The people of Islam awakened and realised that they are the main target for the aggression of the Zionist-Crusaders alliance. All false claims and propaganda about "Human Rights" were torn down and exposed by the massacres that took place against the Muslims in every part of the world. The latest and the greatest of these aggressions, the greatest incurred by the Muslims since the death of the Prophet (Allah's blessing and salutations on him) is the occupation of the land of the two Holy Places, the foundation of the House of Islam, the place of the revelation, the source of the message and the place of the noble Kaa'ba, the Qiblah of all Muslims, by the armies of the American Crusaders and their allies. We bemoan this and can only say: "No strength and no power acquired except through Allah."
Under the present circumstances, and under the banner of the blessed awakening which is sweeping the world in general and the Islamic world in particular, I meet with you today. And after a long absence, imposed on the scholars (Ulama) and callers (Da'ees) of Islam, by the iniquitous Crusaders movement under the leadership of the USA, who fears that they, the scholars and callers of Islam, will instigate the Ummah of Islam against its enemies as their ancestors, may Allah be pleased with them, like Ibn Taymiyyah and Al'iz Ibn Abd es-Salaam, did. And therefore, the Zionist/Crusader alliance resorted to killing and arresting the truthful Ulama and the working Da'ees (We are not praising or sanctifying them; Allah sanctify whom He pleased). They killed the Mujahid Sheikh Abdullah Azzam, and they arrested the Mujahid Sheikh Ahmad Yaseen and the Mujahid Sheikh Omar Abd ur-Rahman (in America).
By orders from the USA, a large number of scholars, Da'ees and young people were arrested in the land of the two Holy Places, among them the prominent Sheikh Salman Al Oud'a and Sheikh Safar Al-Hawali and their brothers. We bemoan this and can only say: "No strength and no power acquired except through Allah." We, myself and my group, have suffered some of this injustice ourselves; we have been prevented from addressing the Muslims. We have been pursued in Pakistan, Sudan and Afghanistan, hence this long absence on my part. But by the Grace of Allah, a safe base is now available in the high Hindukush mountains in Khurasan, where - by the Grace of Allah - the largest infidel military force of the world was destroyed. And the myth of the super power was withered in front of the Mujahideen cries of Allahu Akbar (God is greatest).
Today we work from the same mountains to lift the iniquity that has been imposed on the Ummah by the Zionist-Crusader alliance, particularly after they have occupied the blessed land around Jerusalem, route of the night-journey of the Prophet (Allah's blessing and salutations on him) and the land of the two Holy Places. We ask Allah to bestow us with victory; He is our Patron and He is the Most Capable. From here, today we begin the work of discussing the ways of correcting what has happened to the Islamic world in general, and the Land of the two Holy Places in particular. We wish to study the means that we could follow to return the situation to its normal path. And to return to the people their own rights, particularly after the large damages and the great aggression on the life and the religion of the people. An injustice that had affected every section and group of the people: the civilians, military and security men, government officials and merchants, the young and the old people, as well as schools and university students. Hundred of thousands of the unemployed graduates, who became the widest section of the society, were also affected.
Injustice had affected the people of the industry and agriculture. It affected the people of the rural and urban areas. And almost every body complained about something. The situation at the land of the two Holy places became like a huge volcano at the verge of eruption that would destroy the Kufr and the corruption and its sources. The explosion at Riyadh and Al-Khobar is a warning of this volcanic eruption emerging as a result of the severe oppression, suffering, excessive iniquity, humiliation and poverty.
People are fully concerned about their everyday living; everybody talks about the deterioration of the economy, inflation, ever-increasing debts, and jails full of prisoners. Government employees with limited income talk about debts of ten of thousands and hundred of thousands of Saudi riyals. They complain that the value of the riyal is greatly and continuously deteriorating among most of the main currencies. Great merchants and contractors speak about hundreds and thousands of millions of riyals owed to them by the government. More than three hundred forty billion riyals is owed by the government to the people in addition to the daily accumulated interest, let alone the foreign debt. People wonder, are we the largest oil exporting country? They even believe that this situation is a curse put on them by Allah for not objecting to the oppressive and illegitimate behaviour and measures of the ruling regime: Ignoring the divine Shari'ah law; depriving people of their legitimate rights; allowing the American to occupy the land of the two Holy Places; imprisonment, unjustly, of the sincere scholars.
The honourable Ulamah and scholars as well as merchants, economists and eminent people of the country were all alerted by this disastrous situation. Quick efforts were made by each group to contain and to correct the situation. All agreed that the country is heading toward a great catastrophe, the depth of which is not known except by Allah. One big merchant commented: "The king is leading the state into `sixty-six' fold disaster". We bemoan this and can only say: "No strength and no power acquired except through Allah". Numerous princes share with the people their feelings, privately expressing their concerns and objecting to the corruption, repression and the intimidation taking place in the country. But the competition between influential princes for personal gains and interest has destroyed the country.
Through its course of actions, the regime has torn off its shade of legitimacy:
1. Suspension of the Islamic Shari'ah law and exchanging it with man-made civil law. The regime entered into a bloody confrontation with the truthful Ulamah and the righteous youths. (We sanctify nobody; Allah sanctifies Whom He pleases.)
2. The inability of the regime to protect the country, and allowing the enemy of the Ummah, the American Crusader forces, to occupy the land for the longest of years. The Crusader forces became the main cause of our disastrous condition, particularly in the economical aspect of it, due to the unjustified heavy spending on these forces, and as a result of the policies imposed on the country, especially in the field of oil industry, where production is restricted or expanded and prices are fixed to suit the American economy, ignoring the economy of the country. Expensive deals were imposed on the country to purchase arms. People were asking, what is the justification for the very existence of the regime then?
3. Quick efforts were made by individuals and by different groups of the society to contain the situation and to prevent the danger. They advised the government both privately and openly; they send letters and poems, reports after reports, reminders after reminders, they explored every avenue and enlisted every influential man in their movement of reform and correction. They wrote with style of passion, diplomacy and wisdom asking for corrective measures and repentance from the "great wrong-doings and corruption" that had engulfed even the basic principles of the religion and the legitimate rights of the people. But to our deepest regret the regime refused to listen to the people, accusing them of being ridiculous and imbecile. The matter got worse as previous wrong-doings were followed by mischiefs of greater magnitudes. All of this taking place in the land of the two Holy Places! It is no longer possible to be quiet. It is not acceptable to give a blind eye to this matter.
As the extent of these infringements reached the highest of levels and evolved into destructive forces threatening the very existence of the Islamic principles, a group of scholars who could take no more, supported by hundreds of retired officials, merchants, prominent and educated people, wrote to the King asking for implementation of the corrective measures. In 1411 A.H. (May 1991), at the time of the Gulf War, a letter, the famous letter of Shawwaal, with over four hundred signatures, was sent to the king demanding the lifting of oppression and the implementation of corrective actions. The king humiliated those people and choose to ignore the content of their letter; and the very bad situation of the country became even worse. People, however, tried again and send more letters and petitions. One particular report, the glorious Memorandum Of Advice, was handed over to the king on Muharram, 1413 A.H (July 1992), which tackled the problem, pointed out the illness and prescribed the medicine in an original, righteous and scientific style. It described the gaps and the shortcoming in the philosophy of the regime and suggested the required course of action and remedy. The report gave a description of:
1. The intimidation and harassment suffered by the leaders of the society, the scholars, heads of tribes, merchants, academic teachers and other eminent individuals;
2. The situation of the law within the country and the arbitrary declaration of what is Halal and Haram (lawful and unlawful) regardless of the Shari'ah as instituted by Allah;
3. The state of the press and the media which became a tool of truth-hiding and misinformation; the media carried out the plan of the enemy of idolising a cult of certain personalities and spreading scandals among the believers to repel the people away from their religion. Allah, the Exalted said: "Surely as for those who love that scandal should circulate between the believers, they shall have a grievous chastisement in this world and in the Hereafter" (An-Noor, 24:19);
4. Abuse and confiscation of human rights;
5. The financial and economic situation of the country and the frightening future in view of the enormous amount of debts and interest owed by the government, this situation being left unresolved as the wealth of the Ummah was being wasted to satisfy personal desires of certain individuals, while more custom duties and taxes were being imposed on the nation. (The Prophet said about the woman who committed adultery brought herself to be stoned: "She repented in such a way sufficient to bring forgiveness to a custom collector!");
6. The miserable situation of the social services and infrastructure, especially the in the service and supply of water, the basic requirement of life;
7. The state of the ill-trained and ill-prepared army and the impotence of its commander-in-chief, despite the incredible amount of money that has been spent on the army. The Gulf War clearly exposed the situation;
8. Shari'ah law was suspended and man-made law was used instead;
9. And as far as the foreign policy was concerned, the report exposed not only how this policy has disregarded the Islamic issues and ignored the Muslims, but also how help and support were provided to the enemy against the Muslims; the cases of Gaza/Ariha and the Communists in the south of Yemen are still fresh in the memory, and more can be said.
As stated by the people of knowledge, it is not a secret that to use man-made law instead of the Shari'ah and to support the infidels against the Muslims is one of the ten "voiders" that would strip a person from his Islamic status (turn a Muslim into a Mushrik, non-believer status). The All-Mighty said: "And whoever did not judge by what Allah revealed, those are the unbelievers" (Al-Ma'idah 5:44), and "But no! By your Lord! They do not believe (in reality) until they make you a judge of that which has become a matter of disagreement among them, and then do not find the slightest misgiving in their hearts as to what you have decided and submit with entire submission." (An-Nisa 4:65)
In spite of the fact that the report was written with soft words and very diplomatic style, reminding of Allah, giving truthful sincere advice, and despite of the importance of advice in Islam being absolutely essential for those in charge of the people and the large number who signed this document as well as the large number of their supporters, all of that was not an intercession for the Memorandum. Its content was rejected and those who signed it and their sympathisers were ridiculed, prevented from travel, punished and even jailed. Therefore it is very clear that the advocates of correction and reform movement were very keen on using peaceful means in order to protect the unity of the country and to prevent blood shed. Why is it then the regime closed all peaceful routes and pushed the people toward armed actions, which is the only choice left for them to implement righteousness and justice? For whose benefit do Prince Sultan and Prince Nayeff push the country into a civil war that will destroy everything? And why do the Amirs consult those who ignites internal feuds, playing the people against each other and instigate the policemen, the sons of the nation, to abort the reform movement, yet leave in peace and security such traitors who implement the policy of the enemy in order to bleed the financial and the human resources of the Ummah, and leaving the main enemy in the area, the American/Zionist alliance, to enjoy peace and security?! The advisor (Zaki Badr, the ex-Egyptian minister of the interior) to Prince Nayeff, Saudi minister of interior, was not acceptable even to his own country; he was sacked from his position there due to the filthy attitude and the aggression he exercised on his own people, yet he was warmly welcomed by Prince Nayeff to assist in sins and aggressions. He unjustly filled the prisons with the best sons of this Ummah and caused miseries to their mothers. Does the regime want to play the civilians against their military personnel and vice versa, like what had happened in some of the neighbouring countries?!! No doubts this is the policy of the American/Israeli alliance as they are the first to benefit from this situation.
But with the grace of Allah, the majority of the nation, both civilians and military individuals, were aware of the wicked plan. They refused to be played against each others and to be used by the regime as a tool to carry out the policy of the American/Israeli alliance through their agent in our country: the Saudi regime. Therefore, everyone agreed that the situation can not be rectified unless the root of the problem is tackled (i.e.,the shadow cannot be straightened when its source, the rod, is not straight either). Hence it is essential to hit the main enemy who divided the Ummah into small and little countries and pushed it, for the last few decades, into a state of confusion. The Zionist/Crusader alliance moves quickly to contain and abort any "corrective movement" appearing in the Islamic countries. Different means and methods are used to achieve their target; on occasion, the "movement" is dragged into an armed struggle at a predetermined unfavourable time and place. Sometime officials from the Ministry of Interior, who are also graduates of the colleges of the Shari'ah, are leased out to mislead and confuse the nation and the Ummah (by wrong Fatwas) and to circulate false information about the movement. At other occasions some righteous people were tricked into a war of words against the Ulama and the leaders of the movement, wasting the energy of the nation in discussing minor issues and ignoring the main one; that is, the unification of the people under the divine law of Allah. In the shadow of these discussions and arguments, truthfulness is covered by falsehood, and personal feuds and partisanship created among the people increase the division and the weakness of the Ummah; priorities of the Islamic work are lost while the blasphemy and polytheism continues its grip and control over the Ummah. We should be alert to these atrocious plans carried out by the Ministry of Interior. The right answer is to follow what have been decided by the people of knowledge, as was said by Ibn Taymiyyah (Allah's mercy upon him): "People of Islam should join forces and support each other to get rid of the main Kufr that is controlling the countries of the Islamic world, even to bear the lesser damage to get rid of the major one, i.e., the great Kufr."
If there is more than one duty to be carried out, then the most important one should receive priority. Clearly after Belief (Imaan) there is no more important duty than pushing the American enemy out of the holy land. No other priority, except Belief, could be considered before it; the people of knowledge, as Ibn Taymiyyah said, stated: "To fight in defence of religion and Belief is a collective duty; there is no other duty after Belief than fighting the enemy who is corrupting the life and the religion. There is no preconditions for this duty and the enemy should be fought with one's best abilities." (ref: supplement of Fatawa). If it is not possible to push back the enemy except by the collective movement of the Muslim people, then there is a duty on the Muslims to ignore the minor differences among themselves; the ill effect of ignoring these differences, at a given period of time, is much less than the ill effect of the occupation of the Muslims' land by the larger Kufr. Ibn Taymiyyah had explained this issue and emphasized the importance of dealing with the major threat at the expense of the minor one. He described the situation of the Muslims and the Mujahideen and stated that even the military personnel who are not practising Islam are not exempted from the duty of Jihad against the enemy.
Ibn Taymiyyah, after mentioning the Mongols (Tatar) and their behaviour in changing the law of Allah, stated that, "The ultimate aim of pleasing Allah, raising His word, instituting His religion and obeying His messenger (Allah's blessing and salutations on him) is to fight the enemy, in every aspects and in a complete manner; if the danger to the religion from not fighting is greater than that of fighting, then it is a duty to fight them even if the intention of some of the fighters are not pure, e.g., they are fighting for the sake of leadership (personal gain) or they do not observe some of the rules and commandments of Islam. To repel the greatest of the two dangers on the expense of the lesser one is an Islamic principle which should be observed. It was the tradition of the people of the Sunnah (Ahl us-Sunnah) to join and invade and fight with the righteous and non-righteous men. Allah may support this religion by righteous and non-righteous people as told by the prophet (Allah's blessing and salutations on him). If it is not possible to fight except with the help of non-righteous military personnel and commanders, then there are two possibilities: either fighting will be ignored and the others, who are the great danger to this life and religion, will take control; or to fight with the help of non-righteous rulers, thereby repelling the greatest of the two dangers and implementing most, though not all, of the Islamic laws. The latter option is the right duty to be carried out in these circumstances and in many other similar situations. In fact, many of the fights and conquests that took place after the time of Rashidoon, the guided Imams, were of this type." (Majmoo' al Fatawa, 26/506)
No one, not even a blind or a deaf person, can deny the presence of the widely spread mischiefs or the prevalence of the great sins that have reached the grievous iniquity of polytheism and to share with Allah in His sole right of sovereignty and making of the law. The All-Mighty stated: "And when Luqman said to his son while he admonished him: O my son! do not associate ought with Allah; most surely polytheism is a grievous iniquity" (Luqman; 31:13). Humanly fabricated laws have been put forward permitting what has been forbidden by Allah such as usury (Riba) and other matters. Banks dealing in usury are competing for land with the two Holy Places and declaring war against Allah by disobeying His order "Allah has allowed trading and forbidden usury." (Baqarah; 2:275) All this taking place at the vicinity of the Holy Mosque in the Holy Land! Allah (SWT) stated in His Holy Book a unique promise (that had not been promised to any other sinner) to the Muslims who deal in usury: 
"O you who believe! Be careful of your duty to Allah and relinquish what remains (due) from usury, if you are believers. But if you do (it) not, then be appraised of war from Allah and His Apostle." (Baqarah; 2:278-279)
This is for the Muslim who deals in usury (believing that it is a sin), what is it then to the person who make himself a partner and equal to Allah, legalising (usury and other sins) what has been forbidden by Allah. Despite of all of the above we see the government misled and dragged some of the righteous Ulamah and Da'ees away from the issue of objecting to the greatest of sins and Kufr. We bemoan this and can only say: "No strength and no power acquired except through Allah". Under such circumstances, to push the enemy, the greatest Kufr, out of the country is a prime duty. No other duty after Belief is more important than the duty at hand. Utmost effort should be made to prepare and instigate the Ummah against the enemy, the American/Israeli alliance occupying the country of the two Holy Places, and the route of the Apostle (Allah's Blessings and Salutations may be on him) to the Furthest Mosque (Al-Aqsa Mosque). Also to remind the Muslims not to be engaged in an internal war among themselves, as that will have grievous consequences, namely:
1. Consumption of the Muslims' human resources, as most casualties and fatalities will be among the Muslims people.
2. Exhaustion of the economic and financial resources.
3. Destruction of the country's infrastructures.
4. Dissociation of the society.
5. Destruction of the oil industries. The presence of the American Crusader military forces on land, sea and air of the states of the Islamic Gulf is the greatest danger threatening the largest oil reserve in the world. The existence of these forces in the area will provoke the people of the country and induces aggression on their religion, feelings and prides and push them to take up armed struggle against the invaders occupying the land; therefore, spread of fighting in the region will expose the oil wealth to the danger of being burned up. The economical interest of the States of the Gulf and the land of the two Holy Places will be damaged and even a greater damage will be caused to the economy of the world. I would like here to alert my brothers, the Mujahideen, the sons of the nation, to protect this (oil) wealth and not to include it in the battle, as it is a great Islamic wealth and a large economical power essential for the soon to be established Islamic state, by Allah's Permission and Grace. We also warn the aggressors, the USA, against burning this Islamic wealth (a crime which they may commit in order to prevent it, at the end of the war, from falling in the hands of its legitimate owners and to cause economical damages to the competitors of the USA in Europe or the Far East, particularly Japan which is the major consumer of the oil of the region).
6. Division of the land of the two Holy Places, and annexing of the Northern part of it by Israel. Dividing the land of the two Holy Places is an essential demand of the Zionist/Crusader alliance. The existence of such a large country with its huge resources under the leadership of the forthcoming Islamic State, by Allah's Grace, represent a serious danger to the very existence of the Zionist state in Palestine. The Noble Kaa'ba, the Qiblah of all Muslims makes the land of the two Holy Places a symbol for the unity of the Islamic world. Moreover, the presence of the world largest oil reserve makes the land of the two Holy Places an important economical power in the Islamic world. The sons of the two Holy Places are directly related to the life style (Seerah) of their forefathers, the Companions, may Allah be pleased with them. They consider the Seerah of their forefathers as a source and an example for re-establishing the greatness of this Ummah and to raise the word of Allah again. Furthermore the presence of a population of fighters in the south of Yemen, fighting in the cause of Allah, is a strategic threat to the Zionist/Crusader alliance in the area. The Prophet (Allah'S blessing and salutations on him) said: "Around twelve thousands will emerge from Aden/Abian helping the cause of Allah and His messenger; they are the best, in the time between me and them." Narrated by Ahmad with a correct trustworthy reference.
7. An internal war is a great mistake, no matter what reasons are there for it. The occupier, the USA forces, will control the outcome of the battle for the benefit of the international Kufr.
I address now my brothers of the security and military forces and the national guards, may Allah preserve you for Islam and the Muslims people: O you protectors of unity and guardians of Faith. O you descendents of the ancestors who carried the light (torch) of guidance and spread it all over the world. O you grandsons of Sa'd Ibn Abi Waqqaas , Al-Mothanna Ibn Haritha Ash-Shaybani , Al-Ga'ga' Ibn Amroo Al-Tameemi and those pious companions who fought Jihad alongside them; you competed to join the army and the guard forces with the intention to carry out Jihad in the cause of Allah raising His word and to defend the faith of Islam and the land of the two Holy Places against the invaders and the occupying forces. That is the ultimate level of believing in this religion (Deen). But the regime has reversed these principles and their understanding, humiliating the Ummah and disobeying Allah. Half a century ago the rulers promised the Ummah that they would regain the first Qiblah, but fifty years later a new generation arrived and the promises have been changed; Al-Aqsa Mosque has been handed over to the Zionists and the wounds of the Ummah are still bleeding there. At this time, when the Ummah has not regained the first Qiblah and the route of the journey of the Prophet (Allah's Blessings and Salutations may be on him), and when all that has been mentioned above has transpired, the Saudi regime has harmed the Ummah in the remaining sanctuaries, the Holy city of Makka and the mosque of the Prophet (Al-Masjid An-Nabawy), by calling the Christian army to defend the regime. The Crusaders were permitted to be in the land of the two Holy Places. Not surprisingly, the King himself wore the cross on his chest. The country was opened wide, from the north to the south, and from the east to the west, for the Crusaders. The land was filled with the military bases of the USA and the Allies. The regime became unable to keep control without the help of these bases. You know more than anybody else about the intention, the size of and the danger of the presence of the US military bases in the area. The regime betrayed the Ummah and joined the Kufr, assisting and helping them against the Muslims. It is well known that this is one of the ten "voiders" of Islam, deeds of de-Islamisation. By opening the Arab peninsula to the crusaders the regime disobeyed and acted against what has been enjoined by the messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him), while he was on his deathbed: 
"Expel the polytheists from the Arab Peninsula;" narrated by Al-Bukhari; and: "If I survive, Allah willing, I will expel the Jews and the Christians out of the Arab Peninsula;" Saheeh Al-Jame'-As-Sagheer. It is out of date and no longer acceptable to claim that the presence of the crusaders is a necessity and only a temporary measure to protect the land of the two Holy Places. Especially when the civil and the military infrastructures of Iraq were savagely destroyed, showing the depth of the Zionist/Crusaders hatred to the Muslims and their children, and also since the rejection of the idea of replacing the Crusaders forces by an Islamic force composed of the sons of the country and other Muslim people. Moreover, these excuses and the claim itself were demolished and wiped out by the sequence of speeches given by the leaders of the Kuffaar in America. The latest of these speeches was the one given by William Perry, the Defence Secretary, after the explosion in Al-Khobar, saying that the presence of the American soldiers there is to protect the interest of the United States of America. The imprisoned Sheikh Safar Al-Hawali, may Allah hasten his release, wrote a book of seventy pages; in it he presented evidence and proof that the presence of the Americans in the Arab Peninsula is a pre-planned military occupation. The regime wants to deceive the Muslim people in the same manner as the Palestinian Mujahideen were deceived, causing the loss of Al-Aqsa Mosque. In 1304 A.H (1936 CE) the awakened Muslim nation of Palestine started their great struggle, Jihad, against the British occupying forces. Britain was impotent to stop the Mujahideen and their Jihad, but their devil inspired that there is no way to stop the armed struggle in Palestine unless through their agent King Abdul Azeez, who managed to deceives the Mujahideen. King Abdul Azeez carried out his duty to his British masters. He sent his two sons to meet the Mujahideen leaders and to inform them that King Abdul Azeez would guarantee the promises made by the British government, of leaving the area and responding positively to the demands of the Mujahideen, if the latter stopped their Jihad. And so King Abdul Azeez caused the loss of the first Qiblah of the Muslim people. The King supported the Crusaders against the Muslims and instead of supporting the Mujahideen in the cause of Allah, liberating the Al-Aqsa Mosque, he disappointed and humiliated them. Today, his son, King Fahd, is trying to deceive the Muslims for the second time, so as to lose what is left of the sanctuaries. When the Islamic world resented the arrival of the crusader forces to the land of the two Holy Places, the king told lies to the Ulamah (who issued Fatwas about the arrival of the Americans) and to the gathering of the Islamic leaders at the conference of Rabitah which was held in the Holy City of Makka. The King said, "The issue is simple - the American and the Alliance forces will leave the area in a few months." Today, it is seven years since their arrival and the regime is not able to move them out of the country. The regime has made no confession of its ineffectiveness, and carries on lying to the people, claiming that the Americans will leave. But never again; a believer will not be bitten twice from the same hole or snake! Happy is the one who takes note of the sad experience of the people! Instead of motivating the army, the guards and the security men to oppose the occupiers, the regime uses these men to protect the invaders, and further deepening the humiliation and the betrayal. We bemoan this and can only say: "No strength and no power acquired except through Allah". To those little group of men within the army, police and security forces, who have been tricked and pressurised by the regime to attack the Muslims and spill their blood, we would like to remind them of the narration: (I promise war against those who take my friends as their enemy) narrated by Al-Bukhari; and his saying (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him): On the Day of Judgement, a man comes holding another, complaining about being slain by him. Allah, blessed be His Names, asks: Why did you slay him?! The accused replies: I did so that all exaltation may be Yours. Allah, blessed be His Names, says: All exaltation is indeed mine! Another man comes holding a fourth with a similar complaint. Allah, blessed be His Names, asks: Why did you kill him?! The accused replies: I did so that exaltation may be for Mr. X! Allah, blessed be His Names, says: exaltation is mine, not for Mr. X - carry all the slain man's sins (and proceed to the Hell fire)). In another wording of An-Nasa'i: (The accused says: or strengthening the rule or kingdom of Mr. X.) Today your brothers and sons, the sons of the two Holy Places, have started their Jihad in the cause of Allah, to expel the occupying enemy out of the country of the two Holy places. And there is no doubt that you would like to carry out this mission too, in order to re-establish the greatness of this Ummah and to liberate its occupied sanctuaries. Nevertheless, it must be obvious to you that, due to the imbalance of power between our armed forces and the enemy forces, a suitable means of fighting must be adopted, i.e., using fast moving, light forces that work under complete secrecy. In other word, to initiate a guerrilla war, where the sons of the nation, and not the military forces, take part in it. And as you know, it is wise, in the present circumstances, for the armed military forces not to be engaged in a conventional fighting with the forces of the Crusader enemy, unless a big advantage is likely to be achieved. The exceptions are the bold and forceful operations carried out by the members of the armed forces individually, that is, without the movement of the formal forces in its conventional shape; and hence, the responses will not be directed strongly against the army. And by this war, great losses will be induced on the enemy side, that would shake and destroy its foundations and infrastructures, that will help to expel the enemy defeated out of the country. The Mujahideen, your brothers and sons, request that you support them in every possible way by supplying them with the necessary information, materials and arms. Security men are especially asked to cover up for the Mujahideen and to assist them as much as possible against the occupying enemy; and to spread rumours, fear and discouragement among the members of the enemy forces. We bring to your attention that the regime, in order to create a friction and feud between the Mujahideen and yourselves, might resort to taking deliberate action against personnel of the security guards and military forces and blame the Mujahideen for these actions. The regime should not be allowed to have such opportunity. The regime is fully responsible for what has been incurred by the country and the nation; however, the occupying American enemy is the principle and the main cause of the situation. Therefore efforts should be concentrated on destroying, fighting,and killing the enemy until, by the Grace of Allah, it is completely defeated. The time will come, by the Permission of Allah, when you'll perform your decisive role so that the word of Allah will be supreme and the word of the infidels (Kafiroon) will be inferior. You will hit with iron fists against the aggressors. You'll re-establish the normal course and give the people their rights, and carry out your true Islamic duty. Allah willing, I'll have a separate talk about these issues. My Muslim Brothers (particularly those of the Arab Peninsula):
The money you pay to buy American goods will be transformed into bullets and used against our brothers in Palestine and tomorrow (in the future) against our sons in the land of the two Holy Places. By buying these goods, we are strengthening their economy, while our dispossession and poverty increases.
Muslim Brothers of the land of the two Holy Places:
It is incredible that our country is the world's largest buyer of arms from the USA and the area's biggest commercial partner with the Americans, who are assisting their Zionist brothers in occupying Palestine and in evicting and killing the Muslims there, by providing arms, men, and financial support. To deny these occupiers the enormous revenues of trading with our country is a very important aid to our Jihad against them. To express our anger and hate to them is a very important moral gesture. By doing so we would have taken part in (the process of) cleansing our sanctuaries from the Crusaders and the Zionists and forcing them, by the Permission of Allah, to leave disappointed and defeated.
We expect the women of the land of the two Holy Places and other countries to carry out their role in boycotting American goods. If economic boycotting is combined with the military operations of the Mujahideen, then defeating the enemy will be even nearer, by the Permission of Allah. However, if Muslims don't cooperate and support their Mujahideen brothers, then, in effect, they are supplying the army of the enemy with financial help and extending the war and increasing the suffering of the Muslims.
The security and the intelligence services of the entire world can not force a single citizen to buy the goods of his/her enemy. Economic boycotting of American goods is a very effective weapon of hitting and weakening the enemy, and it is not under the control of the security forces of the regime. Before closing my talk, I have a very important message to the youth of Islam, men of the brilliant future of the Ummah of Muhammad (Allah's blessing and Salutations on him). Our talk with the youth is about their duty in this difficult period in the history of our Ummah. A period in which the youth and no one else has come forward to carry out the variable and different duties. While some well-known individuals have hesitated in their duty of defending Islam and saving themselves and their wealth from the injustice, aggression and terror exercised by the government, the youth (may Allah protect them) are steadfast and raise the banner of Jihad against the American-Zionist alliance occupying the sanctuaries of Islam. Others who have been tricked into loving this materialistic world, as well as those who have been terrorised by the government, choose to give legitimacy to the greatest betrayal, the occupation of the land of the two Holy Places. We bemoan this and can only say: "No strength and no power acquired except through Allah." We are not surprised at the actions of our youth. The youth were the companions of Muhammad (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him), and was it not the youths themselves who killed Abu Jahl, the Pharaoh of this Ummah? Our youths are the best descendents of the best ancestors.
Abd ur-Rahman Ibn Awf, may Allah be pleased with him, said: "I was at Badr, where I noticed two boys, one to my right and the other to my left. One of them asked me quietly (so not to be heard by the other): 'O uncle, point out Abu Jahl to me.' 'What do you want him for?', I asked. The boy answered: 'I have been informed that he, Abu Jahl, abused the Messenger of Allah. I swear by Allah, who has my soul in His hand, that if I see Abu Jahl, I'll not let my shadow depart his shadow till one of us is dead.' I was astonished; then the other youth said the same thing as the first one. Subsequently, I saw Abu Jahl among the people; I said to the boys, 'Do you see? This is the man you are asking me about.' The two youths hit Abu Jahl with their swords till he was dead."
Allah is the greatest, Praise be to Him: Two youths of young age but with great perseverance, enthusiasm, courage and pride for the religion of Allah, each one of them asking about the most important act of killing that should be imposed on the enemy. That is the killing of the Pharaoh of this Ummah, Abu Jahl, the leader of the unbelievers (Mushrikeen) at the battle of Badr.
The role of Abdul Rahman Ibn Awf, may Allah be pleased with him, was to direct the two youths toward Abu Jahl. That was the perseverance and the enthusiasm of the youth of that time, and that was the perseverance and the enthusiasm of their fathers. It is this role that is now required from the people who have expertise and knowledge in fighting the enemy. They should guide their brothers and sons in this matter; once that has been done, then our youths will repeat what their forefathers said before: "I swear by Allah, who has my soul in His hand, that if I see Abu Jahl, I'll not let my shadow depart his shadow till one of us is dead."
And the story of Abd ur-Rahman Ibn Awf about Ummayyah Ibn Khalaf shows the extent of Bilal's (may Allah be pleased with him) persistence in killing the head of the Kuffar: "The head of Kufr is Ummayyah Ibn Khalaf...I shall not live if he survives" said Bilal.
A few days ago the news agencies had reported that the Defence Secretary of the Crusading Americans had said that the explosions at Riyadh and Al-Khobar had taught him one lesson: that is not to withdraw when attacked by cowardly terrorists.
We say to the Defence Secretary that his talk could induce a grieving mother to laughter! And it shows the fears that have enveloped you all. Where was this courage of yours when the explosion in Beirut took place in 1983 CE (1403 A.H). You were transformed into scattered bits and pieces; 241 soldiers were killed, most of them Marines. And where was this courage of yours when two explosions made you to leave Aden in less than twenty-four hours!
But your most disgraceful case was in Somalia; where, after vigorous propaganda about the power of the USA and its post-cold war leadership of the new world order, you moved tens of thousands of international forces, including twenty-eight thousand American solders, into Somalia. However, when tens of your solders were killed in minor battles and one American Pilot was dragged in the streets of Mogadishu, you left the area in disappointment, humiliation, and defeat, carrying your dead with you. Clinton appeared in front of the whole world threatening and promising revenge, but these threats were merely a preparation for withdrawal. You had been disgraced by Allah and you withdrew; the extent of your impotence and weaknesses became very clear. It was a pleasure for the heart of every Muslim and a remedy to the chests of believing nations to see you defeated in the three Islamic cities of Beirut, Aden, and Mogadishu.
I say to the Secretary of Defence: The sons of the land of the two Holy Places had come out to fight against the Russians in Afghanistan, the Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and today they are fighting in Chechnya, and by the Permission of Allah, they have been made victorious over your partner, the Russians. By the command of Allah, they are also fighting in Tajikistan.
I say: Since the sons of the land of the two Holy Places know and strongly believe that fighting (Jihad) against the Kuffar in every part of the world is absolutely essential, then they would be even more enthusiastic, more powerful, and even larger in number upon fighting in their own land, the place of their birth, defending the greatest of their sanctuaries, the noble Kaa'ba, the Qiblah of all Muslims. They know that the Muslims of the world will assist and help them to victory. To liberate the sanctuaries is the greatest of issues concerning all Muslims; it is the duty of every Muslim in this world. I say to you, William (Defence Secretary), that: These youths love death as you love life. They pass the traits of dignity, pride, courage, generosity, truthfulness, and sacrifice from father to father. They are most delivering and steadfast at war. They inherit these values from their ancestors (even from the time of the Jahiliyyah before Islam). These values were approved and completed by the arrival of Islam, as stated by the messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him): "I have been send to perfect the good values." (Saheeh Al-Jame' As-Sagheer). When the pagan King Amroo Ibn Hind tried to humiliate the pagan Amroo Ibn Kulthoom, the latter cut the head of the King with his sword, rejecting aggression, humiliation and indignation.
If the king oppresses the people excessively, we refuse to submit to humiliation.
By which legitimacy (or command), O Amroo bin Hind, do you want us to be degraded?
By which legitimacy (or command), O Amroo bin Hind, do you listen to our foes and disrespect us?
Our toughness has, O Amroo, tired the enemies before you, never giving in! Our youth believe in paradise after death. They believe that taking part in fighting will not bring their day nearer; and staying behind will not postpone their day either. Exalted be to Allah who said: "And a soul will not die but with the permission of Allah, the term is fixed." (Aal Imraan; 3:145) Our youth believe in the saying of the Messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations may be on him): "O boy, I teach a few words; guard (guard the cause of, keep the commandments of) Allah, then He guards you, guard (the cause of) Allah, then He will be with you; if you ask (for your need), ask Allah, if you seek assistance, seek Allah's; and know definitely that if the whole world gathered to (bestow) profit on you, they will not profit you except with what was determined for you by Allah, and if they gathered to harm you they will not harm you except with what has been determined for you by Allah; the Pen is lifted, the papers dried, and it is fixed; nothing in these truths can be changed." (Saheeh Al-Jame' As-Sagheer)
Our youth take note of the meaning of the poetic verse:
"If death is a predetermined must, then it is a shame to die cowardly."
And the other poet saying:
"Who do not die by the sword will die by other reason; many causes are there, but only one death."
These youth believe in what has been told by Allah and His messenger (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him) about the greatness of the reward for the Mujahideen and Martyrs; Allah, the most Exalted said: "And as for those who are slain in the Way of Allah, He will by no means allow their deeds to perish. He will guide them and improve their condition. and cause them to enter the Garden of Paradise which He has made known to them." (Muhammad 47:4-6) Allah, the Exalted, also said: "And do not speak of those who are slain in Allah's way as dead; nay, they are alive, but you do not perceive." (Baqarah 2:154) His messenger (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him) said: "For those who strive in His Cause, Allah prepared a hundred degrees (levels) in paradise; The difference between two degrees is as the distance between heaven and earth." (Saheeh Al-Jame' As-Sagheer) He (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him) also said: "The best of the martyrs are those who do NOT turn their faces away from the battle till they are killed. They are in the highest level of Jannah (paradise). Their Lord laughs at them (in pleasure), and when your Lord laughs to a slave of His, He will not hold him to an account." Narrated by Ahmad with correct and trustworthy reference. And, "A martyr will not feel the pain of death except how you feel when you are pinched." (Saheeh Al-Jame' As-Sagheer) He also said: "A martyr's privileges are guaranteed by Allah; forgiveness with the first gush of his blood, he will be shown his seat in paradise, he will be decorated with the jewels of belief (Imaan), married off to the beautiful ones, protected from the test in the grave, assured security in the day of judgement, crowned with the crown of dignity, a ruby of which is better than this whole world (Dunya) and its entire content, wedded to seventy-two of the pure Houries (beautiful ones of Paradise) and his intercession on the behalf of seventy of his relatives will be accepted." Narrated by Ahmad and At-Tirmidhi (with the correct and trustworthy reference).
Those youths know that the reward in fighting you, the USA, is double than the reward in fighting someone not from the People of the Book. They have no intention except to enter paradise by killing you. An infidel, an enemy of God like you, cannot be in the same heaven with his righteous executioner. Our youth chant and recite the word of Allah, the most Exalted:
"Fight them; Allah will punish them by your hands and bring them to disgrace, and assist you against them, and heal the heart of a believing people," (At-Taubah; 9:14) and the words of the Prophet (Allah's blessing and solutations be upon him): "I swear by Him, who has my soul in His hand, that the man who gets killed fighting them today, patiently attacking and not retreating, surely Allah will let him into Paradise." And his (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him) saying to them: "Get up to a Paradise as wide as Heaven and Earth". The youth also recite the All Mighty's words: "So when you meet in battle those who disbelieve, then smite the necks..." (Muhammad 47:19).
Those youths will not ask you (William Perry) for explanations. They will tell you, singing, there is nothing between us that needs to be explained, there is only killing and neck-smiting.
And they will say to you what their grand father, Haroon Ar-Rasheed, Ameer-ul-Mu'mineen, said to your grandfather, Nagfoor, the Byzantine emperor, when he threatened the Muslims: "From Haroon Ar-Rasheed, Ameer-ul-Mu'mineen, to Nagfoor, the dog of the Romans; the answer is what you will see, not what you hear." Haroon al-Rasheed led the armies of Islam to the battle and handed Nagfoor a devastating defeat.
The youths you call cowards are competing among themselves in fighting and killing you, reciting what one of them said:
"The Crusader army became dust when we detonated al-Khobar, With courageous youth of Islam fearing no danger."
If (they are) threatened: "The tyrants will kill you," they reply, "My death is a victory. I did not betray that king, he did betray our Qiblah. And he permitted in the Holy country the most filthy sort of humans. I have made an oath by Allah, the Great, to fight who ever rejected the faith."
For more than a decade, they carried arms on their shoulders in Afghanistan, and they have made vows to Allah that, as long as they are alive, they will continue to carry arms against you until you are, Allah willing, expelled, defeated and humiliated. They will carry on as long as they live, saying:
"O William, tomorrow you will know which young man is confronting your misguided brethren!
"A youth fighting with a smile, returning with the spear coloured red.
"May Allah keep me close to knights, humans in peace, demons in war.
"Lions in Jungle, their teeth are spears and Indian swords.
"The horses witness that I push them forward hard in the fire of battle.
"The dust of the battle bears witnesses for me, so also the fighting itself, the pens and the books!"
So to abuse the grandsons of the Companions, may Allah be pleased with them, by calling them cowards, and to challenge them by refusing to leave the land of the two Holy Places, shows the insanity and the imbalance you are suffering from. Its appropriate remedy ,however, is in the hands of the youth of Islam, as the poet said:
"I am willing to sacrifice self and wealth for knights who never disappointed me.
"Knights who are never fed up or deterred by death, even as the mill of war turns.
"In the heat of battle they do not care, and cure the insanity of the enemy by their 'insane' courage."
Terrorising you, while you are carrying arms on our land, is a legitimate and morally demanded duty. It is a legitimate right well known to all humans and other creatures. Your example and our example is like a snake which entered into a house of a man and got killed by him. The coward is the one who lets you walk on his land, carrying arms freely, and provides you with peace and security.
Those youth are different from your soldiers. Your problem will be how to convince your troops to fight, while our problem will be how to restrain our youth to wait for their turn in fighting and in operations. These youths are commendable and praiseworthy.
They stood up tall to defend the religion at the time when the government misled the prominent scholars, and tricked them into issuing Fatwas that have no basis, neither in the book of Allah nor in the Sunnah of His Prophet (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him), allowing the opening of the land of the two Holy Places for the Christians armies and handing the Al-Aqsa Mosque to the Zionists.
Twisting the meanings of the Holy Text will not change this fact at all. They deserve the words of the poet:
"I reject all the critics, who chose the wrong way.
"I reject those who enjoy fireplaces in clubs discussing eternity.
"I reject those, who in spite of being lost, think they are at the goal.
"I respect those who carried on, not asking or bothering about the difficulties.
"Never letting up from their goals, inspite all hardships of the road.
"Whose blood is the oil for the flame which guides in the darkness of confusion.
"I feel still the pain of (the loss of) Al-Quds in my internal organs.
"That loss is like a burning fire in my intestines.
"I did not betray my covenant with God, when even states did betray it!"
As their grandfather Assim Bin Thabit said, rejecting a offer of the pagans:
"What excuse do I have to surrender, while I am still able, having arrows and my bow having a tough string?
"Death is truth and the ultimate destiny, and life will end anyway.
"If I do not fight you, then my mother must be insane!"
The youths hold you responsible for all of the killings and evictions of the Muslims and the violation of the sanctuaries, carried out by your Zionist brothers in Lebanon; you openly supplied them with arms and finance. More than 600,000 Iraqi children have died due to lack of food and medicine and as a result of the unjustifiable aggression (sanctions) imposed on Iraq and its people.
The children of Iraq are our children. You, the USA, together with the Saudi regime, are responsible for the shedding of the blood of these innocent children. Due to all of that, whatever treaty you have with our country is now null and void.
The treaty of Hudaybiyyah was cancelled by the messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him), once Quraysh had assisted Bani Bakr against Khusa'ah, the allies of the prophet (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him). The Prophet (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him) fought Quraysh and conquered Makkah. He (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him) considered the treaty with Bani Qainuqa' void because one of their Jews publicly hurt one Muslim woman, one single woman, at the market. When we compare this to your killing of hundred of thousands of Muslims and occupying their sanctuaries, it is now clear that those who claim that the blood of the American soldiers (the enemy occupying the land of the Muslims) should be protected are merely repeating what is imposed on them by the regime; fearing the aggression and interest in saving themselves. It is a duty now on every tribe in the Arab Peninsula to fight Jihad in the Cause of Allah and to cleanse the land from those occupiers. Allah knows that their blood is permitted (to be spilled) and their wealth is a booty; their wealth is a booty to those who kill them. The most Exalted said, in the verse of As-Sayf, The Sword: "So when the Sacred months have passed away, then slay the idolaters where ever you find them, and take them captive and besiege them, and lie in wait for them in every ambush." (At-Taubah 9:5). Our youth know that the humiliation suffered by the Muslims as a result of the occupation of their sanctuaries cannot be obliterated and removed except by explosions and Jihad. As the poet said:
"The walls of oppression and humiliation cannot be demolished except in a rain of bullets.
"The freeman does not surrender leadership to infidels and sinners.
"Without shedding blood, no degradation and branding can be removed from the forehead.
"I remind the youth of the Islamic world, who fought in Afghanistan and Bosnia and Herzegovina with their wealth, pens, tongues, and selves, that the battle has not finished yet. I remind them about the talk between Jibreel (Gabriel) and the Messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon both of them) after the battle of Ahzab, when the Messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations may be on him) returned to Medina, and before putting his sword aside, Jibreel (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be on him) descended, saying: "Are you putting your sword aside? By Allah, the angels haven't dropped their arms yet; march with your companions to Bani Quraydah, I am (going) ahead of you to throw fear in their hearts and to shake their fortresses." Jibreel marched with the angels (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon them all), followed by the Messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him), marching with the immigrants, (Muhajiroon) and supporters (Ansar). (Narrated by Al-Bukhari).
These youth know that if one is not to be killed, one will die (anyway), and the most honourable death is to be killed in the Way of Allah. They are even more determined after the martyrdom of the four heroes who bombed the Americans in Riyadh. Those youth raised high the head of the Ummah and humiliated the Americans, the occupier, by their operation in Riyadh. They remember the poetry of Ja'far, the second commander in the battle of Mu'tah, in which three thousand Muslims faced over a hundred thousand Romans:
"How good is the Paradise and its nearness, good with cool drink.
"But the Romans are promised punishment (in Hell), if I meet them.
"I will fight them."
And the poetry of Abdullah Bin Rawaha, the third commander in the battle of Mu'tah, after the martyrdom of Ja'far, when he felt some hesitation:
"O my soul, if you do not get killed, you are going to die, anyway.
"This is the death pool in front of you!"
You are getting what you have wished for (martyrdom) before, and you follow the example of the two previous commanders, you are rightly guided!
As for our daughters, wives, sisters, and mothers, they should take prime example from the Prophet's (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him) pious female Companions, may Allah be pleased with them; they should adopt the life style (Seerah) of the female Companions, of courage, sacrifice and generosity in the cause of the supremacy of Allah's religion. They should remember the courage and the personality of Fatima, daughter of Khattab, when she accepted Islam and stood up in front of her brother, Omar Ibn Al-Khattab and challenged him (before he became a Muslim) saying: "O Omar, what will you do if the truth is not in your religion?!" And to remember the stand of Asma', daughter of Abu Bakr, on the day of Hijra, when she attended the Messenger and his Companion in the cave and split her belt in two pieces for them. And to remember the stand of Naseeba Bint Ka'b, striving to defend the Messenger of Allah (Allah's Blessings and Salutations be upon him) on the day of Uhud, in which she suffered twelve injuries, one of which was so deep leaving a deep lifelong scar! They should remember the generosity of the early women of Islam who raised finance for the Muslim army by selling their jewellery. Our women have set a tremendous example of generosity in the cause of Allah; they motivated and encouraged their sons, brothers and husbands to fight in the cause of Allah in Afghanistan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Chechnya, and in other countries. We ask Allah to accept from them these deeds, and may He help their fathers, brothers, husbands and sons. May Allah strengthen the belief (Imaan) of our women in the way of generosity and sacrifice for the supremacy of the word of Allah. Our women weep not, except over men who fight in the cause of Allah; our women instigate their brothers to fight in the cause of Allah.
Our women bemoan only fighters in the cause of Allah, as said:
"Do not moan on any one except a lion in the woods, courageous in the burning wars.
"Let me die dignified in wars, honourable death is better than my current life."
Our women encourage men to Jihad, saying:
"Prepare yourself like a struggler, the matter is bigger than words!
"Are you going to leave us for the wolves of Kufr eating our wings?!
"The wolves of Kufr are mobilising all evil persons from everywhere!
"Where are the freemen defending free women by the arms?!"
Death is better than life in humiliation! Some scandals and shames will never be otherwise eradicated. My Muslim Brothers of The World:
Your brothers in Palestine and in the land of the two Holy Places are calling for your help and asking you to take part in fighting against your enemy and their enemy, the Americans and the Israelis. they are asking you to do whatever you can, with one's own means and ability, to expel the enemy, humiliated and defeated, out of the sancttuaries of Islam. Exalted be Allah, who said in His book: "And if they ask your support, because they are oppressed in their faith, then support them!" (Anfaal 8:72)
O you soldiers of Allah, ride and march on. This is the time of hardship, so be tough. And know that your gathering and cooperation in order to liberate the sanctuaries of Islam is the right step toward unifying the Ummah under the banner of "No God but Allah".
From our place, we raise our palms humbly to Allah, asking Him to bestow on us His guidance in every aspect of this issue.
Our Lord, we ask you to secure the release of the truthful scholars (Ulama) of Islam and pious youths of the Ummah from their imprisonment. O Allah, strengthen them and help their families.
Our Lord, the people of the cross had come with their horses (soldiers) and occupied the land of the two Holy places. And the Zionist Jews fiddle as they wish with the Al-Aqsa Mosque, the route of the ascent of the Messenger of Allah (Allah's blessing and salutation upon him). Our Lord, shatter their gathering, divide them among themselves, shaken the earth under their feet and give us control over them; Our Lord, we take refuge in you from their deeds and take you as a shield between us and them.
Our Lord, show us a black day for them!
Our Lord, show us the wonderment of your ability in them!
Our Lord, You are the Revealer of the book, Director of the clouds,
You defeated the allies (Ahzab); defeat them and make us victorious over them.
Our Lord, You are the one who helps us and You are the one who assists us, with Your Power we move and by Your Power we fight. On You we rely and You are our cause. Our Lord, those youth got together to make Your religion victorious and raise Your banner. Our Lord, send them Your help and strengthen their hearts.
Our Lord, make the youths of Islam steadfast and descend patience on them and guide their shots!
Our Lord, unify the Muslims and bestow love among their hearts!
Our Lord, pour down upon us patience, and make our steps firm and assist us against the unbelieving people!
Our Lord, do not lay on us a burden as Thou didst lay on those before us; Our Lord, do not impose upon us that which we have no strength to bear; and pardon us and grant us protection and have mercy on us, Thou art our patron, so help us against the unbelieving people.
Our Lord, guide this Ummah, and make the right conditions (by which) the people of your obedience will be in dignity and the people of disobedience in humiliation, and by which the good deeds are enjoined and the bad deeds are forbidden.
Our Lord, bless Muhammad, Your slave and Messenger, his family and descendants, and companions and salute him with a (becoming) salutation.
And our last supplication is: All praise is due to Allah.
Usama bin Muhammad bin Ladin
#

Praise be to God and we beseech Him for help and forgiveness.
We seek refuge with the Lord of our bad and evildoing. He whom God guides is rightly guided but he whom God leaves to stray, for him wilt thou find no protector to lead him to the right way.
I witness that there is no God but God and Mohammed is His slave and Prophet. 
God Almighty hit the United States at its most vulnerable spot. He destroyed its greatest buildings.
Praise be to God. 
Here is the United States. It was filled with terror from its north to its south and from its east to its west.
Praise be to God.
What the United States tastes today is a very small thing compared to what we have tasted for tens of years.
Our nation has been tasting this humiliation and contempt for more than 80 years.
Its sons are being killed, its blood is being shed, its holy places are being attacked, and it is not being ruled according to what God has
decreed.
Despite this, nobody cares.
When Almighty God rendered successful a convoy of Muslims, the vanguards of Islam, He allowed them to destroy the United States.
I ask God Almighty to elevate their status and grant them Paradise. He
is the one who is capable to do so.
When these defended their oppressed sons, brothers, and sisters in Palestine and in many Islamic countries, the world at large shouted. The infidels shouted, followed by the hypocrites.
One million Iraqi children have thus far died in Iraq although they did not do anything wrong. 
Despite this, we heard no denunciation by anyone in the world or a fatwa by the rulers' ulema [body of Muslim scholars].
Israeli tanks and tracked vehicles also enter to wreak havoc in Palestine, in Jenin, Ramallah, Rafah, Beit Jala, and other Islamic areas and we hear no voices raised or moves made.
But if the sword falls on the United States after 80 years, hypocrisy raises its head lamenting the deaths of these killers who tampered with the
blood, honour, and holy places of the Muslims.
The least that one can describe these people is that they are morally
depraved.
They champion falsehood, support the butcher against the victim, the oppressor against the innocent child.
May God mete them the punishment they deserve.
I say that the matter is clear and explicit.
In the aftermath of this event and now that senior US officials have spoken, beginning with Bush, the head of the world's infidels, and
whoever supports him, every Muslim should rush to defend his religion.
They came out in arrogance with their men and horses and instigated even those countries that belong to Islam against us.
They came out to fight this group of people who declared their faith in God and refused to abandon their religion.
They came out to fight Islam in the name of terrorism.
Hundreds of thousands of people, young and old, were killed in the farthest point on earth in Japan.
For them this is not a crime, but rather a debatable issue.
They bombed Iraq and considered that a debatable issue.
But when a dozen people of them were killed in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam, Afghanistan and Iraq were bombed and all hypocrite ones stood behind the head of the world's infidelity - behind the Hubal of the age - namely, America and its supporters.
These incidents divided the entire world into two regions - one of faith where there is no hypocrisy and another of infidelity, from which we hope God will protect us.
The winds of faith and change have blown to remove falsehood from
the [Arabian] peninsula of Prophet Mohammed, may God's prayers be
upon him.
As for the United States, I tell it and its land of Mohammed
people these few words: I swear by Almighty God who raised the heavens without pillars that neither the United States nor he who lives in the United States will enjoy security before we can see it as a reality in Palestine and before all the infidel armies leave the land of Mohammed,
may God's peace and blessing be upon him. God is great and glory to Islam.
May God's peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you.Here is America struck by God Almighty in one of its vital organs, so that its greatest buildings are destroyed. Grace and gratitude to God. America has been filled with horror from north to south and east to west, and thanks be to God. What America is tasting now is only a copy of what we have tasted.
Our Islamic nation has been tasting the same for more than 80 years of humiliation and disgrace, its sons killed and their blood spilled, its sanctities desecrated.
God has blessed a group of vanguard Muslims, the forefront of Islam, to destroy America. May God bless them and allot them a supreme place in heaven, for he is the only one capable and entitled to do so. When those have stood in defense of their weak children, their brothers and sisters in Palestine and other Muslim nations, the whole world went into an uproar, the infidels followed by the hypocrites.
A million innocent children are dying at this time as we speak, killed in Iraq without any guilt. We hear no denunciation, we hear no edict from the hereditary rulers. In these days, Israeli tanks rampage across Palestine, in Ramallah, Rafah and Beit Jala and many other parts of the land of Islam [dar al-Islam], and we do not hear anyone raising his voice or reacting. But when the sword fell upon America after 80 years, hypocrisy raised its head up high bemoaning those killers who toyed with the blood, honor and sanctities of Muslims.
The least that can be said about those hypocrites is that they are apostates who followed the wrong path. They backed the butcher against the victim, the oppressor against the innocent child. I seek refuge in God against them and ask him to let us see them in what they deserve.
I say that the matter is very clear. Every Muslim, after this event, after the senior officials in the United States of America starting with the head of international infidels. Bush and his staff who went on a display of vanity with their men and horses, those who turned even the countries that believe in Islam against usthe group that resorted to God, the Almighty, the group that refuses to be subdued in its religion.
They have been telling the world falsehoods that they are fighting terrorism. In a nation at the far end of the world, Japan, hundreds of thousands, young and old, were killed and this is not a world crime. To them it is not a clear issue. A million children in Iraq, to them this is not a clear issue.
But when a few more than 10 were killed in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam, Afghanistan and Iraq were bombed and hypocrisy stood behind the head of international infidels: the modern world's symbol of paganism, America, and its allies.
I tell them that these events have divided the world into two camps, the camp of the faithful and the camp of infidels. May God shield us and you from them.
Every Muslim must rise to defend his religion. The wind of faith is blowing and the wind of change is blowing to remove evil from the Peninsula of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
As to America, I say to it and its people a few words: I swear to God that America will not live in peace before peace reigns in Palestine, and before all the army of infidels depart the land of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
God is the greatest and glory be to Islam.
In the Name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, "Permission to fight (against disbelievers) is given to those (believers) who are fought against, because they have been wronged and surely, Allah is Able to give them (believers) victory" [Quran 22:39]
"Those who believe, fight in the Cause of Allah, and those who disbelieve, fight in the cause of Taghut (anything worshipped other than Allah e.g. Satan). So fight you against the friends of Satan; ever feeble is indeed the plot of Satan." [Quran 4:76]
Some American writers have published articles under the title 'On what basis are we fighting?' These articles have generated a number of responses, some of which adhered to the truth and were based on Islamic Law, and others which have not.
Here we wanted to outline the truth - as an explanation and warning - hoping for Allah's reward, seeking success and support from Him.
While seeking Allah's help, we form our reply based on two questions directed at the Americans:
(Q1) Why are we fighting and opposing you?
(Q2) What are we calling you to, and what do we want from you?

As for the first question: Why are we fighting and opposing you? The answer is very simple:
(1) Because you attacked us and continue to attack us.
a) You attacked us in Palestine:
(i) Palestine, which has sunk under military occupation for more than 80 years. The British handed over Palestine, with your help and your support, to the Jews, who have occupied it for more than 50 years; years overflowing with oppression, tyranny, crimes, killing, expulsion, destruction and devastation. The creation and continuation of Israel is one of the greatest crimes, and you are the leaders of its criminals. And of course, there is no need to explain and prove the degree of American support for Israel. The creation of Israel is a crime which must be erased. Each and every person whose hands have become polluted in the contribution towards this crime must pay its price, and pay for it heavily.
(ii) It brings us both laughter and tears to see that you have not yet tired of repeating your fabricated lies that the Jews have a historical right to Palestine, as it was promised to them in the Torah. Anyone who disputes with them on this alleged fact is accused of anti-Semitism. This is one of the most fallacious, widely circulated fabrications in history. The people of Palestine are pure Arabs and original Semites. It is the Muslims who are the inheritors of Moses (peace be upon him) and the inheritors of the real Torah that has not been changed. Muslims believe in all of the Prophets, including Abraham, Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, peace and blessings of Allah be upon them all. If the followers of Moses have been promised a right to Palestine in the Torah, then the Muslims are the most worthy nation of this.
When the Muslims conquered Palestine and drove out the Romans, Palestine and Jerusalem returned to Islam, the religion of all the Prophets peace be upon them. Therefore, the call to a historical right to Palestine cannot be raised against the Islamic Ummah that believes in all the Prophets of Allah (peace and blessings be upon them) - and we make no distinction between them.
(iii) The blood pouring out of Palestine must be equally revenged. You must know that the Palestinians do not cry alone; their women are not widowed alone; their sons are not orphaned alone.
(b) You attacked us in Somalia; you supported the Russian atrocities against us in Chechnya, the Indian oppression against us in Kashmir, and the Jewish aggression against us in Lebanon.
(c) Under your supervision, consent and orders, the governments of our countries which act as your agents, attack us on a daily basis;
(i) These governments prevent our people from establishing the Islamic Shariah, using violence and lies to do so.
(ii) These governments give us a taste of humiliation, and places us in a large prison of fear and subdual.
(iii) These governments steal our Ummah's wealth and sell them to you at a paltry price.
(iv) These governments have surrendered to the Jews, and handed them most of Palestine, acknowledging the existence of their state over the dismembered limbs of their own people.
(v) The removal of these governments is an obligation upon us, and a necessary step to free the Ummah, to make the Shariah the supreme law and to regain Palestine. And our fight against these governments is not separate from out fight against you.
(d) You steal our wealth and oil at paltry prices because of your international influence and military threats. This theft is indeed the biggest theft ever witnessed by mankind in the history of the world. 
(e) Your forces occupy our countries; you spread your military bases throughout them; you corrupt our lands, and you besiege our sanctities, to protect the security of the Jews and to ensure the continuity of your pillage of our treasures.
(f) You have starved the Muslims of Iraq, where children die every day. It is a wonder that more than 1.5 million Iraqi children have died as a result of your sanctions, and you did not show concern. Yet when 3000 of your people died, the entire world rises and has not yet sat down.
(g) You have supported the Jews in their idea that Jerusalem is their eternal capital, and agreed to move your embassy there. With your help and under your protection, the Israelis are planning to destroy the Al-Aqsa mosque. Under the protection of your weapons, Sharon entered the Al-Aqsa mosque, to pollute it as a preparation to capture and destroy it.
(2) These tragedies and calamities are only a few examples of your oppression and aggression against us. It is commanded by our religion and intellect that the oppressed have a right to return the aggression. Do not await anything from us but Jihad, resistance and revenge. Is it in any way rational to expect that after America has attacked us for more than half a century, that we will then leave her to live in security and peace?!!
(3) You may then dispute that all the above does not justify aggression against civilians, for crimes they did not commit and offenses in which they did not partake: 
(a) This argument contradicts your continuous repetition that America is the land of freedom, and its leaders in this world. Therefore, the American people are the ones who choose their government by way of their own free will; a choice which stems from their agreement to its policies. Thus the American people have chosen, consented to, and affirmed their support for the Israeli oppression of the Palestinians, the occupation and usurpation of their land, and its continuous killing, torture, punishment and expulsion of the Palestinians. The American people have the ability and choice to refuse the policies of their Government and even to change it if they want. 
(b) The American people are the ones who pay the taxes which fund the planes that bomb us in Afghanistan, the tanks that strike and destroy our homes in Palestine, the armies which occupy our lands in the Arabian Gulf, and the feats which ensure the blockade of Iraq. These tax dollars are given to Israel for it to continue to attack us and penetrate our lands. So the American people are the ones who fund the attacks against us, and they are the ones who oversee the expenditure of these monies in the way they wish, through their elected candidates.
(c) Also the American army is part of the American people. It is this very same people who are shamelessly helping the Jews fight against us.
(d) The American people are the ones who employ both their men and their women in the American Forces which attack us.
(e) This is why the American people cannot be not innocent of all the crimes committed by the Americans and Jews against us.
(f) Allah, the Almighty, legislated the permission and the option to take revenge. Thus, if we are attacked, then we have the right to attack back. Whoever has destroyed our villages and towns, then we have the right to destroy their villages and towns. Whoever has stolen our wealth, then we have the right to destroy their economy. And whoever has killed our civilians, then we have the right to kill theirs.
The American Government and press still refuses to answer the question:
Why did they attack us in New York and Washington?
If Sharon is a man of peace in the eyes of Bush, then we are also men of peace!!! America does not understand the language of manners and principles, so we are addressing it using the language it understands.
(Q2) As for the second question that we want to answer: What are we calling you to, and what do we want from you?
(1) The first thing that we are calling you to is Islam.
(a) The religion of the Unification of God; of freedom from associating partners with Him, and rejection of this; of complete love of Him, the Exalted; of complete submission to His Laws; and of the discarding of all the opinions, orders, theories and religions which contradict with the religion He sent down to His Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him). Islam is the religion of all the prophets, and makes no distinction between them - peace be upon them all.
It is to this religion that we call you; the seal of all the previous religions. It is the religion of Unification of God, sincerity, the best of manners, righteousness, mercy, honour, purity, and piety. It is the religion of showing kindness to others, establishing justice between them, granting them their rights, and defending the oppressed and the persecuted. It is the religion of enjoining the good and forbidding the evil with the hand, tongue and heart. It is the religion of Jihad in the way of Allah so that Allah's Word and religion reign Supreme. And it is the religion of unity and agreement on the obedience to Allah, and total equality between all people, without regarding their colour, sex, or language.
(b) It is the religion whose book - the Quran - will remained preserved and unchanged, after the other Divine books and messages have been changed. The Quran is the miracle until the Day of Judgment. Allah has challenged anyone to bring a book like the Quran or even ten verses like it.
(2) The second thing we call you to, is to stop your oppression, lies, immorality and debauchery that has spread among you.
(a) We call you to be a people of manners, principles, honour, and purity; to reject the immoral acts of fornication, homosexuality, intoxicants, gambling's, and trading with interest. We call you to all of this that you may be freed from that which you have become caught up in; that you may be freed from the deceptive lies that you are a great nation, that your leaders spread amongst you to conceal from you the despicable state to which you have reached.
(b) It is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization witnessed by the history of mankind:
(i) You are the nation who, rather than ruling by the Shariah of Allah in its Constitution and Laws, choose to invent your own laws as you will and desire. You separate religion from your policies, contradicting the pure nature which affirms Absolute Authority to the Lord and your Creator.
You fee from the embarrassing question posed to you: How is it possible for Allah the Almighty to create His creation, grant them power over all the creatures and land, grant them all the amenities of life, and then deny them that which they are most in need of: knowledge of the laws which govern their lives?
(ii) You are the nation that permits Usury, which has been forbidden by all the religions. Yet you build your economy and investments on Usury. As a result of this, in all its different forms and guises, the Jews have taken control of your economy, through which they have then taken control of your media, and now control all aspects of your life making you their servants and achieving their aims at your expense; precisely what Benjamin Franklin warned you against.
(iii) You are a nation that permits the production, trading and usage of intoxicants. You also permit drugs, and only forbid the trade of them, even though your nation is the largest consumer of them.
(iv) You are a nation that permits acts of immorality, and you consider them to be pillars of personal freedom. You have continued to sink down this abyss from level to level until incest has spread amongst you, in the face of which neither your sense of honour nor your laws object.
Who can forget your President Clinton's immoral acts committed in the official Oval office? After that you did not even bring him to account, other than that he 'made a mistake', after which everything passed with no punishment. Is there a worse kind of event for which your name will go down in history and remembered by nations?
(v) You are a nation that permits gambling in its all forms. The companies practice this as well, resulting in the investments becoming active and the criminals becoming rich.
(vi) You are a nation that exploits women like consumer products or advertising tools calling upon customers to purchase them. You use women to serve passengers, visitors, and strangers to increase your profit margins. You then rant that you support the liberation of women.
(vii) You are a nation that practices the trade of sex in all its forms, directly and indirectly. Giant corporations and establishments are established on this, under the name of art, entertainment, tourism and freedom, and other deceptive names you attribute to it.
(viii) And because of all this, you have been described in history as a nation that spreads diseases that were unknown to man in the past. Go ahead and boast to the nations of man, that you brought them AIDS as a Satanic American Invention.
(xi) You have destroyed nature with your industrial waste and gases more than any other nation in history. Despite this, you refuse to sign the Kyoto agreement so that you can secure the profit of your greedy companies and industries.
(x) Your law is the law of the rich and wealthy people, who hold sway in their political parties, and fund their election campaigns with their gifts. Behind them stand the Jews, who control your policies, media and economy.
(xi) That which you are singled out for in the history of mankind, is that you have used your force to destroy mankind more than any other nation in history; not to defend principles and values, but to hasten to secure your interests and profits. You who dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan, even though Japan was ready to negotiate an end to the war. How many acts of oppression, tyranny and injustice have you carried out, O callers to freedom?
(xii) Let us not forget one of your major characteristics: your duality in both manners and values; your hypocrisy in manners and principles. All manners, principles and values have two scales: one for you and one for the others.
(a) The freedom and democracy that you call to is for yourselves and for white race only; as for the rest of the world, you impose upon them your monstrous, destructive policies and Governments, which you call the 'American friends'. Yet you prevent them from establishing democracies. When the Islamic party in Algeria wanted to practice democracy and they won the election, you unleashed your agents in the Algerian army onto them, and to attack them with tanks and guns, to imprison them and torture them - a new lesson from the 'American book of democracy'!!!
(b) Your policy on prohibiting and forcibly removing weapons of mass destruction to ensure world peace: it only applies to those countries which you do not permit to possess such weapons. As for the countries you consent to, such as Israel, then they are allowed to keep and use such weapons to defend their security. Anyone else who you suspect might be manufacturing or keeping these kinds of weapons, you call them criminals and you take military action against them.
(c) You are the last ones to respect the resolutions and policies of International Law, yet you claim to want to selectively punish anyone else who does the same. Israel has for more than 50 years been pushing UN resolutions and rules against the wall with the full support of America.
(d) As for the war criminals which you censure and form criminal courts for - you shamelessly ask that your own are granted immunity!! However, history will not forget the war crimes that you committed against the Muslims and the rest of the world; those you have killed in Japan, Afghanistan, Somalia, Lebanon and Iraq will remain a shame that you will never be able to escape. It will suffice to remind you of your latest war crimes in Afghanistan, in which densely populated innocent civilian villages were destroyed, bombs were dropped on mosques causing the roof of the mosque to come crashing down on the heads of the Muslims praying inside.
You are the ones who broke the agreement with the Mujahideen when they left Qunduz, bombing them in Jangi fort, and killing more than 1,000 of your prisoners through suffocation and thirst. Allah alone knows how many people have died by torture at the hands of you and your agents. Your planes remain in the Afghan skies, looking for anyone remotely suspicious.
(e) You have claimed to be the vanguards of Human Rights, and your Ministry of Foreign affairs issues annual reports containing statistics of those countries that violate any Human Rights. However, all these things vanished when the Mujahideen hit you, and you then implemented the methods of the same documented governments that you used to curse. In America, you captured thousands the Muslims and Arabs, took them into custody with neither reason, court trial, nor even disclosing their names. You issued newer, harsher laws.
What happens in Guantanamo is a historical embarrassment to America and its values, and it screams into your faces - you hypocrites, "What is the value of your signature on any agreement or treaty?"
(3) What we call you to thirdly is to take an honest stance with yourselves - and I doubt you will do so - to discover that you are a nation without principles or manners, and that the values and principles to you are something which you merely demand from others, not that which you yourself must adhere to. 
(4) We also advise you to stop supporting Israel, and to end your support of the Indians in Kashmir, the Russians against the Chechens and to also cease supporting the Manila Government against the Muslims in Southern Philippines.
(5) We also advise you to pack your luggage and get out of our lands. We desire for your goodness, guidance, and righteousness, so do not force us to send you back as cargo in coffins.
(6) Sixthly, we call upon you to end your support of the corrupt leaders in our countries. Do not interfere in our politics and method of education. Leave us alone, or else expect us in New York and Washington.
(7) We also call you to deal with us and interact with us on the basis of mutual interests and benefits, rather than the policies of sub dual, theft and occupation, and not to continue your policy of supporting the Jews because this will result in more disasters for you.
If you fail to respond to all these conditions, then prepare for fight with the Islamic Nation. The Nation of Monotheism, that puts complete trust on Allah and fears none other than Him. The Nation which is addressed by its Quran with the words:
"Do you fear them? Allah has more right that you should fear Him if you are believers. Fight against them so that Allah will punish them by your hands and disgrace them and give you victory over them and heal the breasts of believing people. And remove the anger of their (believers') hearts. Allah accepts the repentance of whom He wills. Allah is All-Knowing, All-Wise." [Quran9:13-1]
The Nation of honour and respect: "But honour, power and glory belong to Allah, and to His Messenger (Muhammad peace be upon him) and to the believers." [Quran 63:8]
"So do not become weak (against your enemy), nor be sad, and you will be superior (in victory) if you are indeed (true) believers" [Quran 3:139]
The Nation of Martyrdom; the Nation that desires death more than you desire life:
"Think not of those who are killed in the way of Allah as dead. Nay, they are alive with their Lord, and they are being provided for. They rejoice in what Allah has bestowed upon them from His bounty and rejoice for the sake of those who have not yet joined them, but are left behind (not yet martyred) that on them no fear shall come, nor shall they grieve. They rejoice in a grace and a bounty from Allah, and that Allah will not waste the reward of the believers." [Quran 3:169-171]
The Nation of victory and success that Allah has promised:
"It is He Who has sent His Messenger (Muhammad peace be upon him) with guidance and the religion of truth (Islam), to make it victorious over all other religions even though the Polytheists hate it." [Quran 61:9]
"Allah has decreed that 'Verily it is I and My Messengers who shall be victorious. Verily Allah is All-Powerful, All-Mighty." [Quran 58:21]
The Islamic Nation that was able to dismiss and destroy the previous evil Empires like yourself; the Nation that rejects your attacks, wishes to remove your evils, and is prepared to fight you. You are well aware that the Islamic Nation, from the very core of its soul, despises your haughtiness and arrogance.
If the Americans refuse to listen to our advice and the goodness, guidance and righteousness that we call them to, then be aware that you will lose this Crusade Bush began, just like the other previous Crusades in which you were humiliated by the hands of the Mujahideen, feeing to your home in great silence and disgrace. If the Americans do not respond, then their fate will be that of the Soviets who fed from Afghanistan to deal with their military defeat, political breakup, ideological downfall, and economic bankruptcy.
This is our message to the Americans, as an answer to theirs. Do they now know why we fight them and over which form of ignorance, by the permission of Allah, we shall be victorious?
Praise be to Allah who created the creation for his worship and commanded them to be just and permitted the wronged one to retaliate against the oppressor in kind. To proceed: Peace be upon he who follows the guidance: People of America this talk of mine is for you and concerns the ideal way to prevent another Manhattan, and deals with the war and its causes and results.
Before I begin, I say to you that security is an indispensable pillar of human life and that free men do not forfeit their security, contrary to Bush's claim that we hate freedom. 
If so, then let him explain to us why we don't strike for example - Sweden? And we know restore freedom to our nation, just as you lay waste to our nation. So shall we lay waste to yours.
No one except a dumb thief plays with the security of others and then makes himself believe he will be secure. Whereas thinking people, when disaster strikes, make it their priority to look for its causes, in order to prevent it happening again.
But I am amazed at you. Even though we are in the fourth year after the events of September 11th, Bush is still engaged in distortion, deception and hiding from you the real causes. And thus, the reasons are still there for a repeat of what occurred.
So I shall talk to you about the story behind those events and shall tell you truthfully about the moments in which the decision was taken, for you to consider.
I say to you, Allah knows that it had never occurred to us to strike the towers. But after it became unbearable and we witnessed the oppression and tyranny of the American/Israeli coalition against our people in Palestine and Lebanon, it came to my mind.
The events that affected my soul in a direct way started in 1982 when America permitted the Israelis to invade Lebanon and the American Sixth Fleet helped them in that. This bombardment began and many were killed and injured and others were terrorised and displaced.
I couldn't forget those moving scenes, blood and severed limbs, women and children sprawled everywhere. Houses destroyed along with their occupants and high rises demolished over their residents, rockets raining down on our home without mercy.
The situation was like a crocodile meeting a helpless child, powerless except for his screams. Does the crocodile understand a conversation that doesn't include a weapon?
And the whole world saw and heard but it didn't respond.
In those difficult moments many hard-to-describe ideas bubbled in my soul, but in the end they produced an intense feeling of rejection of tyranny, and gave birth to a strong resolve to punish the oppressors.
And as I looked at those demolished towers in Lebanon, it entered my mind that we should punish the oppressor in kind and that we should destroy towers in America in order that they taste some of what we tasted and so that they be deterred from killing our women and children.
And that day, it was confirmed to me that oppression and the intentional killing of innocent women and children is a deliberate American policy. Destruction is freedom and democracy, while resistance is terrorism and intolerance.
This means the oppressing and embargoing to death of millions as Bush Sr did in Iraq in the greatest mass slaughter of children mankind has ever known, and it means the throwing of millions of pounds of bombs and explosives at millions of children - also in Iraq - as Bush Jr did, in order to remove an old agent and replace him with a new puppet to assist in the pilfering of Iraq's oil and other outrages.
So with these images and their like as their background, the events of September 11th came as a reply to those great wrongs, should a man be blamed for defending his sanctuary?
Is defending oneself and punishing the aggressor in kind, objectionable terrorism? If it is such, then it is unavoidable for us.
This is the message which I sought to communicate to you in word and deed, repeatedly, for years before September 11th.
And you can read this, if you wish, in my interview with Scott in Time magazine in 1996, or with Peter Arnett on CNN in 1997, or my meeting with John Weiner in 1998.
You can observe it practically, if you wish, in Kenya and Tanzania and in Aden. And you can read it in my interview with Abdul Bari Atwan, as well as my interviews with Robert Fisk. The latter is one of your compatriots and co-religionists and I consider him to be neutral.
So are the pretenders of freedom at the White House and the channels controlled by them able to run an interview with him? So that he may relay to the American people what he has understood from us to be the reasons for our fight against you?
If you were to avoid these reasons, you will have taken the correct path that will lead America to the security that it was in before September 11th. This concerned the causes of the war.
As for it's results, they have been, by the grace of Allah, positive and enormous, and have, by all standards, exceeded all expectations. This is due to many factors, chief among them, that we have found it difficult to deal with the Bush administration in light of the resemblance it bears to the regimes in our countries, half of which are ruled by the military and the other half which are ruled by the sons of kings and presidents.
Our experience with them is lengthy, and both types are replete with those who are characterised by pride, arrogance, greed and misappropriation of wealth. This resemblance began after the visits of Bush Sr to the region.
At a time when some of our compatriots were dazzled by America and hoping that these visits would have an effect on our countries, all of a sudden he was affected by those monarchies and military regimes, and became envious of their remaining decades in their positions, to embezzle the public wealth of the nation without supervision or accounting.
So he took dictatorship and suppression of freedoms to his son and they named it the Patriot Act, under the pretence of fighting terrorism. In addition, Bush sanctioned the installing of sons as state governors, and didn't forget to import expertise in election fraud from the region's presidents to Florida to be made use of in moments of difficulty.
All that we have mentioned has made it easy for us to provoke and bait this administration. All that we have to do is to send two mujahidin to the furthest point east to raise a piece of cloth on which is written al-Qaida, in order to make the generals race there to cause America to suffer human, economic, and political losses without their achieving for it anything of note other than some benefits for their private companies.
This is in addition to our having experience in using guerrilla warfare and the war of attrition to fight tyrannical superpowers, as we, alongside the mujahidin, bled Russia for 10 years, until it went bankrupt and was forced to withdraw in defeat. 
All Praise is due to Allah. So we are continuing this policy in bleeding America to the point of bankruptcy. Allah willing, and nothing is too great for Allah.
That being said, those who say that al-Qaida has won against the  administration in the White House or that the administration has lost in this war have not been precise, because when one scrutinises the results, one cannot say that al-Qaida is the sole factor in achieving those spectacular gains.
Rather, the policy of the White House that demands the opening of war fronts to keep busy their various corporations - whether they be working in the field of arms or oil or reconstruction - has helped al-Qaida to achieve these enormous results.
And so it has appeared to some analysts and diplomats that the White House and us are playing as one team towards the economic goals of the United States, even if the intentions differ.
And it was to these sorts of notions and their like that the British diplomat and others were referring in their lectures at the Royal Institute of International Affairs. [When they pointed out that] for example, al-Qaida spent $500,000 on the event, while America, in the incident and its aftermath, lost - according to the lowest estimate - more than $500 billion.
Meaning that every dollar of al-Qaida defeated a million dollars by the permission of Allah, besides the loss of a huge number of jobs.
As for the size of the economic deficit, it has reached record astronomical numbers estimated to total more than a trillion dollars.
And even more dangerous and bitter for America is that the mujahidin recently forced Bush to resort to emergency funds to continue the fight in Afghanistan and Iraq, which is evidence of the success of the bleed-until-bankruptcy plan - with Allah's permission.
It is true that this shows that al-Qaida has gained, but on the other hand, it shows that the Bush administration has also gained, something of which anyone who looks at the size of the contracts acquired by the shady Bush administration-linked mega-corporations, like Halliburton and its kind, will be convinced. And it all shows that the real loser is ... you.
It is the American people and their economy. And for the record, we had agreed with the Commander-General Muhammad Ataa, Allah have mercy on him, that all the operations should be carried out within 20 minutes, before Bush and his administration notice.
It never occurred to us that the commander-in-chief of the American armed forces would abandon 50,000 of his citizens in the twin towers to face those great horrors alone, the time when they most needed him.
But because it seemed to him that occupying himself by talking to the little girl about the goat and its butting was more important than occupying himself with the planes and their butting of the skyscrapers, we were given three times the period required to execute the operations - all praise is due to Allah.
And it's no secret to you that the thinkers and perceptive ones from among the Americans warned Bush before the war and told him: "All that you want for securing America and removing the weapons of mass destruction - assuming they exist - is available to you, and the nations of the world are with you in the inspections, and it is in the interest of America that it not be thrust into an unjustified war with an unknown outcome."
But the darkness of the black gold blurred his vision and insight, and he gave priority to private interests over the public interests of America.
So the war went ahead, the death toll rose, the American economy bled, and Bush became embroiled in the swamps of Iraq that threaten his future. He fits the saying "like the naughty she-goat who used her hoof to dig up a knife from under the earth".
So I say to you, over 15,000 of our people have been killed and tens of thousands injured, while more than a thousand of you have been killed and more than 10,000 injured. And Bush's hands are stained with the blood of all those killed from both sides, all for the sake of oil and keeping their private companies in business.
Be aware that it is the nation who punishes the weak man when he causes the killing of one of its citizens for money, while letting the powerful one get off, when he causes the killing of more than 1000 of its sons, also for money.
And the same goes for your allies in Palestine. They terrorise the women and children, and kill and capture the men as they lie sleeping with their families on the mattresses, that you may recall that for every action, there is a reaction.
Finally, it behoves you to reflect on the last wills and testaments of the thousands who left you on the 11th as they gestured in despair. They are important testaments, which should be studied and researched.
Among the most important of what I read in them was some prose in their gestures before the collapse, where they say: "How mistaken we were to have allowed the White House to implement its aggressive foreign policies against the weak without supervision."
It is as if they were telling you, the people of America: "Hold to account those who have caused us to be killed, and happy is he who learns from others' mistakes."
And among that which I read in their gestures is a verse of poetry. "Injustice chases its people, and how unhealthy the bed of tyranny."
As has been said: "An ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure."
And know that: "It is better to return to the truth than persist in error." And that the wise man doesn't squander his security, wealth and children for the sake of the liar in the White House.
In conclusion, I tell you in truth, that your security is not in the hands of Kerry, nor Bush, nor al-Qaida. No.
Your security is in your own hands. And every state that doesn't play with our security has automatically guaranteed its own security.
And Allah is our Guardian and Helper, while you have no Guardian or Helper. All peace be upon he who follows the Guidance.
